Easy to use, economical!
Digital is where it's at...down with developing film!
Good image quality, 3x optical zoom, macro mode, inexpensive
Awesome features/easy to use/fun/versatile/low price/Cust SVS 2nd 2 none!
intuitive, user friendly
Simple, Flexable, Reliable
battery life, download speed
Agfa quality in a small box, great for table top and tests
Image quality, price, video link
No Extras to Buy, Very Flexible, High Quality Images, Good Software
simplicity
Comes with software, good price, excellent pictures.
Clear pics
Price, Over all Performance, Zoom Feature
clear, srisp picture, durable camera, good desing, nice features
Inexpensive compared to some
Great picture quality, swivel lens, many options
Very simple controls and a wide range of features
Great camera, easy to use, good looking, high quality images.
Megapixel quality, easy to use
durable, easy to use
Sharp, crisp, pictures.
Ease of use, quality pictures.
pic quality, smart media,price
megapixel quality, easy to use
Easy to use, takes GREAT pictures, full of features.
Saturated, sharp images at all resolutions, twist-style body
very clear photos
Nickle Hydride batteries,  ease of use, excellent color rendition
Picture quality, Twist body
perfect shots, long-focus, easy to use, a lot of features, good software
Easy to use, stylish, good picture quality, good price, good company.
Good quality pictures for a low price, great first camera
This camera is a nice easy to use camera.
Takes great pictures
Inexpensive and clear pictures
Camera is very easy to learn and use.
extra film, led for image viewing, software is easy to use, sleek design
Easy to use, great pictures
Ease of use; instant review; inexpensive
cheap
Inexpensive, good quality, easy to use
Acceptable Quality Pictures. Decent amount of options.
Low price, easy to use. Quality pictures.
Low price, 4 levels of resolution, EZ to use
None
Easy to use, fabulous picture quality, lots of features
sturdy, easy to use, 
Strong, Well Built body
Attractive, easy to use, great value
No internal memory (uses cards), lightweight, compact, easy to use
Swell buy for the price, 
Inexpensive, versatile, fun, sturdy, and cool.
Ease of use, TV connection cable, Decent software, interchangeable compact flash cards in many sizes
Price, Quality, Storage capacity
Price, Ease of Use, Great Software package, factory support
Great Pictures for the Cost.
Easy to use - fun at first
inexpensive,easy to use
cheaper than buying film
Easy to use
Good value for the money, Simple to learn/use
Quick and easy to use.
Takes great pictures in four resolutions
Decent resolution
Fantastic value, great images, solid camera, GREAT company, EXCELLENT customer service (read my 5/20/2000 update)
sturdy, great price, easy to use
Good quality inexpensive initially
cost
Easy to use, good quality, great price
Easy, fast image transfer to PC or printer
Changing resolution
reasonable price This features you would expect from a very expensive camera
Easy to use, great outdoor pics.
simple to use
Good price
handy, high quality pictures
Best camera we  have had
Great software, easy to use camera
User friendly, priced right
Easy to use, compact
Easy to use, picture galleries, self-adjusting flash
Cute, cheap, anybody could use it
Cheap, cute, sturdy, reliable
good for beginners, funky blue design, cheap
Good price for resolution and ease of use
Low cost, easy to use, pretty good pictures, fine for ebay
inexpensive
Price
Price, Style--it's Blue :)
Blue design FUN! Takes good pictures for me, LCD and Optical view finder, easy to use
Very easy camera to use
Easy to use. Great range of settings for the flash, the resolution and the focal length. The camera itself looks pretty darn cool too.
Customer support, value for dollar
Price
Price, Ease of Use, LCD Monitor
High Quality Photos, Dependable, Easy to Use
friendly
cheap, easy to use
Price, Great pictures, Smart Media slot
cost, easy to use
compact, stylish, good quality pictures
Ease of use, clear &amp;amp; crisp pictures, LCD
You get so much for what you pay
Great camera, great price!
Good images, uploadable, easy to use, LCD, everything
easy to use, affordable, several nice features
Wonderful Software Included; Easy-to-Use; Great Picture Quality; Lots of Features; Low Cost
Gallery, Viewing Lense, High Capacity for storing pictures, Nice Design, High Resolution/Good Quality photos.
Relatively low-cost, decent picture quality and simple to use
cool looking. decent pics. like the flash and size options.
Easy to use; relatively inexpensive; quality pretty good; wonderful customer service
very inexpensive,  good quality pictures
GREAT DIGITAL 1ST CAMERA
Very simple to use, software is pretty self explanatory.
compact and reasonable pictures
zero
It's light and low tech.
The company honored my warranty.
Inexpensive, Easy to operate
NOT ONE
cost
inexpensive, webcam conversion included, easy to use
Photos look good on TV
Price. EVERYTHING is included. 
A camera to carry with you at all times.
Good for inexpensive snapshots
- small, low power consumption, decent outdoor pictures, fast USB connection
Small, light, simple, pockatable
Cheap.  Complete.  USB interface.
quality good for price
Tiny camera with lots of big features.
It is made for video conferencing and still photography with quality  pictures.
Great inexpensive digital camera
Inexpensive, Supposed "Dual" capabilities, ability to display pics on TV with included cable, extras included.
Good value, good photos, simple to use
Nice picture as a web camera when the lighting is good.
affordable, high quality pictures, holds a lot of pictures, USB port, pocket-sized, so it's easy to carry around.
Pricing, Image Quality, Dimensions, USB-port, CF-slot, Flash, WebCam
Small, inexpensive, easy
Easy to handle, good quality with enough light, webcam too.
Good pics,price and easy to use.
Lightweight, small, great webcam
Image Quality, CF Card Slot, Flash, USB
Can you find anything better for this price?
Price, ease of use, size.
CompactFlash, USB, has flash, great outdoor image quality, good for web or beginner
Flash, Digital, USB, high or low quality, WEB CAM,  
Price/Quality, agfanet prints, size, software bundle, versatility
Inexpensive, good pictures in good lighting conditions
LCD screen, Clik! drive, navigation nob, easy software
Easy to use, 1 Megapixel
good pic quality &amp;amp; price
lightweight, easy to use
Simplicity, cord bundle, Photo Quality
Easy to use, great picture quality
inexpensive Clik! media, 1.5 MP resolution, 2x digital zoom
good image quality, affordable
Not many.
Good $ 
ease of use, compact size
Pretty, lightweight, cheap
takes good images
Value
photos transfer from camera to software quickly, easy to get started with
Good price, good quality photos.
Cheap, easy, good for the amateur photographer
Ease of use, great quality pictures, cost
can be used as a drive, USB compatible, great picture quality, cheaper media.
quality
Excellent Quality, Cheap, easy to use
Connectivity options: PCMIA,USB,serial
Good feature control, nice macro feature, good image quality
USB, megapixel, mass storage, LCD preview
Inexpensive Media, Optical View Finder, Switchable LCD, LCD Cover
Price, Photo quality, weight
Photowise 1.7; Switchable LCD; LCD cover; optical viewfinder
Easy to use software and camera, came with everything needed to get started right away. 
Easy to use, cheap
Excellent image quality and expanded storage space
nice pictures
accessories
none
You can take ALL high-resolution pictures without worrying about space!
clear pictures, lots of memory space (40MB each clik! disk)
Cute little blue camera
pretty packaging
It was free!
Ease of use, price
small, cheap, built in flash
Cheap, functional
small, lightweight, can preview images on television
cheap, cute, easy to use
price, flash, easy to use
cheap, E-Z to use
I sold it again on Ebay.
none
Priced right for a beginner.
tv-out, webcam capable
Inexpensive, Smaller-Than-Pocket-Size
Cheap, tiny.
user-friendly
resolution and price
small size
it has a flash
Inexpensive, sleek looking
dont like it 
none
light weight; has functions; takes pictures
Price
Great price
It is a pretty color and it is very compact
takes pics
Its cheap
easy, compact, self timer
NON
small, light, shiny, blue, cheap
Looks pretty, has extra functions
at least it wasn't take expensive
Cheap, easy to use. Good for web pictures.
It was free
Cheap, small.
Low cost, light weight, functional
cheap, light, small
size, ease of use
None, period.
none
I'm still looking for one
cute, easy to use
Inexpensive, has many features more expensive cameras don't, intuitive interface
Specs sound good (better than reality)
Makes a good paperweight
NONE
Cheap
inexpensive, compact, and looks cool
cute design &amp;amp; obvious controls
Cheap, cute.
priced for value
SMALL EASY TO CARRY
none
Low price
nice price, easy interface, many features
Lightweight, simple to use
low price
none
None
light weight, good construction
Cheap
pretty cheap, small, well labeled
Absolutely nothing
Small size, attractive design
It was cheap
Inexpensive and easy to use
Camera is cheap and functional with a couple of options.
Nada
Good for scaring small children and a good gag gift.
None
Compact, cheap, color, miraculously the software isn't buggy
Ease to use ...
small, light, good resolution, well priced
very small uncomplicated and very nice portable tool for graphics students
Superb Quality Pictures, LOW LOW PRICE, TRUE 1.3megapixel,  super portable
Small and very light.
1.3MP digital camera, webcam, extremely small size, simple to use.
Lightweight&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Good value&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ultra fun
Surprisingly good pictures and video from this inexpensive tiny camera.
Great quality photos.
Great for email, short videos &amp; conference calling
"Spy camera" size. Can go anywhere., , Good quality images.
Tiny, decent photos, easy to use.
Tiny Size, Inexpensive, Picture and Video Capture, Over 1 mp, Easy to use Software
easy-to-use, inexpensive, compact, marginal image quality
Excellent image quality, perfectly portable.
digital camcorder ability, inexpensive, fun
Fits in your pocket, low cost, color photos, works independent of computer, adequate software included.
Highly portable, runs on 2 AAA batteries, good for kitschy snapshots or mini-movies.
As small as a large magic marker, good, simple e-camera to carry all the time.
Small, Easy to Use, Cheap, Fun to Use, Bundled Software, Three Functions
Fun and Easy to use. Variety of modes.
small, convinent , easy to use , high quality live imagez &amp; picturez
Easy to use, good interface&amp;#13;&amp;#10;great "gadget" appeal&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
very small, cool toy
Great software and easy to use.
small and easy to use, Price
Compact size, easy to use, price, great software bundle.  Feels like you're James Bond.
The 'continuous shoot' mode; compact size; instant snapshots.
Compact,easy to use,cheap
its small
great camera highly recommend to all. easy  to use,awesome pictures
It's small and it's cheap
Cheap price for what it can do.
small, can be used as still, movie or web camera, low price
Lightweight, easy to use, inexpensive, great for beginners.
Photo output quality, fast printing speeds, Good Reliability
Great photo print quality, Reliable, Compact, Easy to use and set up
Fast printer, very good quality
Beautiful output even at low resolution, fast, easy setup
great quality and speed, good consumable value
Speedy, excellent quality
Fast, no paper jams, prints clearly 
Fast PPM, Easy Set-up, Output is dry, great manual
Hello Hewlett Packard
Great quality and speed
Fast, sharp, reliable.
Fast, excellent print quality.
clear, sharp text and deep, rich color
Great Quality Prints, Super Fast
good color and very fast
Outstanding Quality
Print is life like
Good speed, good quality printer
Superior Quality,Razor-like sharpness, SPEED BABY !!!!!
Nice photos
photo quality printing on photo paper
Overall good printer
Fast, very high resolution
Unbeatable output
fast
Too many to list
high ink volume, extremely fast
great photo quality, fast, crisp b&amp;amp;w
Excellent print quality, fast, reliable, economy mode, Mac Serial, PC Parallel, and USB interfaces.
Very fast, and verasitile... Photo quality results
Fast, good color, small margins.
Fast, Easy, USB, Great Quality
Fast; photo quality; customizable software settings
Fast print speed.  High resolution.  Excellent warm tone rendition - low dither.
Beautiful pictures, economical, a company that I trust
Fast, prints text great, works well with digital photos
fast, compact, east to load/unload ink
Fast, high quality, and a good small business printer
Terrific photo prints, faster than my HP 1000c and a lot less money.
great quality print and speed for it's size
Easy to hook up
Easy install, great quality, HP durability
Ethernet capable, fast, high resolution output
VERY little maintenance
Good quality, fast and quet
Quick high quality output
ease of use, fast B/W prints, small driver footprint
Cost and Software Included
Good for the electronically challenged, Low Cost, Great Software, 
Good for the electronically challenged, Low Cost, Great Software, 
A Cheap, easy to use camera.
A Cheap, easy to use camera.
There isn't any.
The software package has some good editing capabilities.
Cheap, nice software package.
Good starter camera for an older child, very inexpensive
Cheap, Great for child or e-bay pictures, etc. Software comes with it.
Worked one time
Easy to use, affordable and does just what I wanted it to do!
Inexpensive, good for kids
Easy to use. Not very expensive.
Cheap, easy to use, fun, makes videos
cheap
affordable, 
It was on sale for $20.
It's cheap and simple to use
cheap, very portable, if it breaks who cares.
A Cheap, easy to use camera.
Cheap
Holds about 80 pics in internal memory on lowest setting.
Inexpensive
very inexpensive
Cheap.. umm.. is it a digital camera
Excellent bottom end camera,easy to operate,good pics too.
Low Price, 1.3Mp image, ease of use, 
Price w/rebates an offer you can't refuse
Inexpensive
Reasonable priced, easy to use, kid friendly
Strong flash, direct TV connection, Free photo editing software, above average pic quality
easy install and cheeeeeep
Cheap Price
easily turns, my baby fits comfertably!
Handles beautifully, lightweight
Lightweight, durable, fun
If you want a stroller for an active lifestyle this is the one and only
great item
Lightweight, comfortable to run behind, sturdy, easy to clean
Ease of use over a variety of surfaces.
Very easy to walk with. My Daughter loves it
High Quality, Smooth Ride, Washable, Comfortable
durable and easy to maneuver
Super smooth, easy to assemble, comfortable for baby
Smoooooth ride.  Great restraint system.  
Great design, and wheels, comfortable, easy to push
This stroller is washable, and easy to use.
Excellent to handle.  Comfortable ride.  The canopy is perfect for those really sunny days.
Excellent for jogging with infants/toddlers. Well-made, excellent on rough terrain
tripod wheels, easy to push on all terrains.
Great design, safe, durable, and comfortable
the best stroller for jogging and running, period.
It is easy to use and works on all types of surfaces.
Rolls easily over virtually all terrain, looks nice!
Solidly built, smooth ride, folds nicely
durability
Very Comfortable to use
It works...
great stroller
16" wheels = smooth ride, easy to push even for a small person
Ideal for jogging and getting over rough terrain
smooth ride
You can run with a baby!
Sturdy, Durable, Easy to use
Everything
Rides smoothly over dirt, grass, small rocks, etc.
Smooth running style
Great Concept, Simple Use, Good Storage, Comfy Fit
Awesome for taking toddler with you to exercise!
Get it if you have more kids
Really great stroller
VERY easy to manuever because of the large tires.
Does not pull to the side, runs straight as an arrow, super lightweight
light, smooth ride
Steady, smooth riding,  good running stride space
strolls beautifully, lots of different choices
Runs smoothly, rugged.
Extremely easy to break down
It is so lightweight and easy to use.
3 wheels are better than 4
large tires, durability, comfort
Easy to push.  Gets you outside.
Lightweight, easy to put together, literally glides
Ease of use, Strudy, Convient
Maneuverability, Lightweight
Lightweight, easy to maneuver, easy to put together.
Stability, comfort
Too Many to List
Solid, simple, very good roller
Durable, lightweight, easy-to-setup
extremely easy to push over all surfaces, folds easily 
Light, easy to steer
Lightweight and easy to push, great company, great warranty
easy to assemble and use, attractive, all-terrain 
great for those adventures.
comfortable and light weight
easy to steer, goes over any surface, has a hand brake and a &amp;quot;leash&amp;quot; 
works well the first few months
great fun, accessible, tailored for mom's getting in shape
lightweight, comfortable for child
Very useful.
three wheels
Very lightweight, easy to use, great safety straps, built to last.
Very lightweight, sturdy, lifetime warranty, safe, American-made
ease of use
Extremely easy to push, well built
Folds up easily, runs smoothly, lets my son look around at the scenery.
5 Point Harness. Easy folding. Great for small children all the way up to pre-teens!
Light weight.
Great for walking/jogging on all terrains; lightweight; children's weight differences do not throw the stroller off.
Very high quality, versatile and useful.
Perfect for on-the-go
Lightweight, Good Quality, Easy to Maneuver
See Review for product comparisons
sturdy, stable, easy to collapse, lightweight, 
The SUV of strollers.  It will go through anything. 
Lightweight for running,durable and great on trails.
Absolutely wonderful for accommodating twins and their car seats with special attachment bar!
Maneuvers well, very good turning ration AND looks great
easy to steer, roomy seats
You can put a baby seat on the back seat, It is easy to push, it is very light weight
Really durable, takes abuse very well, remains comfy.Outstanding maneuverability
easy to push and turn, plenty of room for 2 children 
large seats and basket, lightweight
durability, lightweight
Terrific design, carries infant car seat
Easy to push and turns great.
can use as a travel system, easy to steer
cost effective, durable, reliable, wide wheel base, large seats, light weight.
Easy to manuever
design
Can hold TWO infant car seats!
Light, plush, durable
Comfy and functional
ok storage, like the baby carseat snap-in feature
Works with a variety of cars eats, converts for older children
Very smooth ride
Can use with a variety of infant carseat/carriers
light, folds easily, nice materials, plushy seats, drives well
Very comfy for a toddler/infant combo.
Clever idea, smaller than many tandem strollers
Really handy, great for our family
Versatile, easy to maneuver, and easy to open and close.
great for the one not on the go and the one that is.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Great idea for 2 small children; can be used with infant carrier
Great for baby and toddler
&amp;quot;big kid&amp;quot; and newborn can ride together
not bulky like double strollers, not constricting for older kids
Offers convenience if you have older children
The stand up feature
looks, speed, fold up hoody-thing
accommodates 2 children, easy to fold and unfold
meets a unique need of families
Durable
The standing/sitting feature in the back, low price
Good for taking walks
Great for that child that thinks she is too big for a stroller
2 For 1
Great idea!
Great concept
maneuverability, versatility
sturdy durable easy assemble
Size, easy folding, price
Affordable, Easy to push, Nice and smooth ride
great idea, easy to fold
great for preschoolers
allows another small child to ride (without car seat attached)
good stroller for indoors, 2 lightweight children, no lifting of one child in and out
size, ability for older child to stand
Everything
compact size
take up less space than a regular double stroller
Small, Compact, Sits 2 children, Entertainment of older child
place for infant seat, reclining seat, seatbelts in every position
lightweight 
Toddler security yet freedom!
Easily accessible rear seating for preschooler
Convenience
smaller than other double strollers.
Not many....
Good idea
infant car seat attaches easily
None
Fun, Practical, Easy Drive
easy to use
Perfect for an infant and older toddler
Being able to &amp;quot;contain&amp;quot; an active preschooler
allows a child too big to sit in a stroller a chance to have a ride. 
Unique features, holds multiple children if necessary
Older child can sit or stand
high resale value
great for hauling the toddler and the baby
Very durable and easy to manuever
narrow, easy to get through doors and aisles
Ease of use, no assembly required, price
lightweight, sturdy, easy to push, options for older child
fits two with freedom for the older one!
Pushes easy,lets your child have a choice,use from birth until 5years old.
Can fit 2 children
ADF, fast printing, excellent print quality
Great Price and Performance.  Real fast good quality copier for the money.
Fast Printing, Great Printer, Good Quality, Work in Windows XP,Toner lasts a long time.
A fast digital copier and laser printer
None!
Fast Digital Copies, Cheap Cartridge, Very Reliable
Can't beat it for the money.
Ease of use, Price of toner, Quality of copies
Small size, inexpensive, ease of use
Good price, prints fast
2 sec warm up time. No paper jams. long lasting toner. crisp edges.
speed, price
inexpensive, easy to use, reliable
Excellent Value.....Inexpensive not Cheap
Fast, reliable, not too expensive
Great Value, 12ppm, Decent Quality
Fast, reliable, cheap, good quality output.
Fast, excellent quality and affordable.
Good technical support (they need it); nice copies; price
Cheap, great performance, user-friendly.
Good speed, nice output, can't beat the price
Low Cost, Attractive Design, Easy of Setup, Easy of use
Fast, easy, solid. Very inexpensive toner.
Price, Set-up, Quality
Price, Speed, Cost of Maintenance, Performance
Low price and operating cost, very good text, fast
100 pages a day with no problem, CHEAP, FAST, INCREDIBLE deal!
Fast speed, low per page cost.
Economical, great print quality, fast, user-friendly, mac compliant, great support, USB, great paper handling, great output, quiet, automatic sleep mode
Remarkably inexpensive and incredibly fast.
quick, compact, manual feed slot, price
USB, ease of use, speed, support
cheap, fast and excellent printer
12 ppm, 600x 600 resolution, AFFORDABLE!
fast printing, high quality output, very easy to set up
Super printer
Cost, comes out great
Fast; affordable; top-quality text output
Inexpensive, multiplatform, quality output of type
Fast and affordable; with a proper paper tray
Fast,clear printing
Well priced, easy to setup and use,reliable, fast, good quality
Nearly Jam-Free, nearly problem-free, fast, ultra-reliable, great print quality
Cheap, works well for a single user
Low maintenance, takes a beating, great for a home office
A great deal; upgradrable and reasonably priced.
Fast warmup, fast printing, both USB &amp; Parallel ports, expandable RAM.
Print speed, quality, upgradability, price, reliability, quite small, easy to print on envelopes/small paper
Fast, high quality, good toner life, great tech support, Windows/Mac compatible
Easy to setup.  High peformance.  Excellent cost.  Beats competitors.
Speed, price
Fast, quiet, inexpensive.
Fast, good quality, and affordable.
Affordable. Fast. Great Tech Support.
Excellent quality, extremely fast speeds
Low cost, good print quality, works with D-Link DI-713P Router/Print Server
Small footprint, easy setup, decent speed and print quality.
Low price, easy setup, works well with Mac OS 10.2
Great quality, low price, easy setup
Low price, small footprint, simple.
Price, Speed, Quality of Printout
Crisp laser; relative ease of use; low cost.
Cheap operating costs, excellent standby mode, good print quality. 
Holds a lot of paper, prints fast, high quality material; rarely jams.
Fast,quality prints b&amp;w prints at a good price.
Ultra-fast, sharp output, power-saving mode, easy duplexing, single-sheet feed
Reasonable price, it does well what it was designed to do
Moderate speed, good print quality, hibernation feature
clear printing, paper doesn't jam, reasonably priced toner &amp; drum, easy to use
User Friendly, compact, economical laser for small home office
Quick, good print quality, reliable paper-handling and inexpensive
Excellent black and white printouts. NO smudge. Sharp graphics. Long lasting toner.
HL 1440 has fast print speed 15p, great quality text,small footfrint.
A no-nonsense, easy to use, inexpensive laser printer.
Fast, easy to network, clear printing, good price
Fast, No Banding 
Fast printing, good drivers, very reasonable price.
large paper tray, fast and crisp output
energy saver hibernation; price
Price, print quality
Inexpensive solution
Stylish, small foot print, priced right
Very fast, quiet, extremely easy to set up and use. Toner is cheaper than HP.
Very Low Price, yet has needed features
fast, inexpensive
Quite dependable, decent printing, good color.  A good all-around machine for home or office.
Inexpensive; multi-function.
Good quality printing, fast, and efficient
Does everything well.  Works, has clear documentation.
Best for the money
NONE
Great quality photos fax scanner printer small light weight
all in one, pcfax is great.
ADF(automatic document feeder)Text
Photo Quality. Ink lasts a long time. Easy to use.
Inexpensive, easy to use.  Fast
Its a color printer, scanner, fax &amp; copier  all for the price of one!
Printer, Fax, Scanner, all-in-one!
easy to install, fast printing
IF YOU DON'T HAVE A LOT OF ROOM THIS IS THE PRODUCT FOR YOU
Multiple functions that takes up less desktop space.
Easy to set up and use.  Great versatility for small price.
great product
Low cost, easy to use
Excellent print quality; easily set up.
reliable, prints well, switches between fax and printer mode with no problems
Price, Resolution Output
All functions work
Fast to operate,great printing,easy to install to computer,wonderful for faxing
easy to set up and use
Get for Companies
Buttons are well placed on display. Functions easy to sort through.
Lots of functions
does everything. 30 page feeder is very useful for home copies
Works well with Windows XP
Many features for one low price, quiet operation.
Compact, Flatbed scanner, Flatbed copier, Large inkjet cartridges
ease of use; fast copying and faxing; low ink usage
Not many.It to be good scanner
Very good initial print quality.Quick performance both send and receive fax.
Multifunctionality, but muted by problems
Cheap
Easy and convenient to use
All-in-one
Speed, accuracy, simplicity
Very Good all around unit, before the print head goes out
prints, scans
Does everything quite well.
reliable, fast, good switching between phone/fax functions
Still a good idea!
Good Print Quality
6 in one unit, doesn't take up much space.
four separate cartridges, price, Photo Capture Center, 250 paper capacity, flat bed color scanner
all-in-one
ALL in one machine
Multifunction
None - Piece of garbage. AND IT KEEPS GETTING WORSE!
All-In-One, four separate printer cartridges, affordable price, 250 paper capacity
All in one, when it works
Aftermarket ink available at great prices...Great range of print quality
Good black print quality; easy setup, easy fax send/receive.
Initially was great multifunction for our small business.  It replaced a Hp3000
allows photo printout from the MFC
Great all in one laser multifunction machine; Brother a good name.
The most capability for the cost; lowest cost per page, automatic sheet feeder, built-in scanner, ability to use just a parallel port.
Moderately fast printing, multifunctionality
Good features and design
Great functionality
see Key Features
Just a great MFC in every way, per page costs very low
Excellent Laser Printer and Fax, Good Copier, Excellent Customer Service
laser fax is cheaper, fair quality, flatbed fax
simple setup, fast, well designed
Affordable, easy setup, no maintenance.
Easy to Use, Quick
Cheap, extremely easy to operate and install
It was cheap
Cheap, good print quality and usually efficient. Not to mention small.
Compact and cheap, no paper jams, easy to use, prints on envelopes well, sturdy case
printer is cheap, and good for text, easy to use
Low Cost
Cheap, and simple
compact
inexpensive
every aspect about it
Small, lightweight .... Low Cost
Compact, easy to use, and Inexpensive
Inexpensive Printer 
Good Quality Printing, Great Price
value, quality, easy installation
inexpensive, good quality for the price you pay.
Extremely easy set up process
compact and space saving
Inexpensive, Easy to use
Compact and inexpensive
none
Easy to transport, easy to use. Nice color.
Price and a name you can trust
small, compact, light-weight, easy to install
cheap, easy to set up, easy to use, acceptable quality
Low cost, Good output.
Inexpensive, easy to install and use
good color
Easy to install. Easy to use&amp;gt;
good quality printing
quiet, quality, efficient
FREE!!
unbeatable price, easy setup, reliable
slow
Quality
hmmmm.... hold on, I'm thinking
Durable, Easy To Use
Inexpensive printer
Great Quailty with everything 
Inexpensive, reliable, decent job for the money.
Fast setup great print quality
Price
It does put out printed materials
The realibilty, the cost, 
came with free software
Good printing quality
Ease of use, price
Inexpensive, perfect for text printing
Good price, Above average print quality.
Very cheap!
great for kids and small printer jobs
Good Quality for Price
price of printer
size
Cheap, Reliable, Accurate, Excellent print quality
nonbad photoprint, low noise level
decent print quality came with my pc for free easy to use
good quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;small, takes up little space,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;inexpensive&amp;#13;&amp;#10;easy hook up/instructions&amp;#13;&amp;#10;sleek look
Absolutely None
Cheap printer for simple personal use. 
For its price it prints okay
Very User Friendly&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Compact design&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quite affordable 2nd hand
Easy to use
It's cheap, does the job for me
Small/compact, fast accurate prints, owners manual reader friendly
small
Size and easy of use
Low cost, ink doesn't run when wet
Very cheap, good B/W printing, optional scanner cartridge
cheap
Low cost
very straightforward, reliable, great customer support,light,easy to move and transport, easy to set up, versatile
prints quietly and fast
Good printer, great prices.
fast printing, good print quality, good price, 
Versatility - fax, copy, scan with available scanner cartridge.
None, except maybe it's inexpensive.
Decent printing quality
Very inexpensive printer and ink 
Great performance...Crisp printing...Prints 5 ppm
Fast printing, good quality printing
good budget printer to meet basic printing needs
price, print quality, ease of use
Inexpensive, good print quality 70% of the time, small and lightweight
cartridges won't put a whole in your wallet, it is small, dual cartrage system
Good quality printer
low unit price
The IS-22 Scanner Attachment is great
Inexpensive, easily replaceable cartridges, inexpensive to replace cartridges
price effective,very inexpensive
Software included, print quality, scanner 
Good print quality
cheap
Low price, easy to set up and use.
good printer, IS-22 compatable
Low price, Decent output
inexpensive
FAST PRINTING - GREAT PRICE
Inexpensive price and ink tanks
DOES PRODUCE AND DUPLICATE
Low maintenance, low price, reliable
High-quality, neat-looking documents
cheap
Easy to use
PERFECT
Price, output quality
Cheap, small size, design
Incredible Color, Small size, Easy cartridge loading, good price
Light and small
the sound
Cheap, easy to use, fair quality.
The scanner feature works well, it's cheap, it prints papers OK
Low Cost, Compact Design
Very small and good print quality
Cheap (if you can't afford anything else)
It's cheap
Affordability, easy to install and use, no problems so far
Color, speed, cost and desktop space.
Cheap, Inexpensive ink
replaceable printer heads, inexpensive ink alternatives, low starting cost
great print quality
Dual cartridge printer, can use a photo cartridge.
Compact and nice quality for the price
Price.  Rebate = $30
Cheap good printer
Cost effective, good quality
Fast printing and quiet
Good Print quality
scanning cartridge, color ink lasts a long time
Economical, Does the Job
Small deskspace....great price
compact, great printing,scanner conversion
inexpensive, reliable, easy to find and inexpensive cartridges, ink dries fast
Fast printing speed, good quality, durable
Inexpensive
it is lightweight, small and fair good print quality
A good value
Good price, fair print quality, compact
Great for Kids Schoolwork
fast, cheap, small
It's small and cheap
supposedly a very good printer
great versatility 
Reliable, compact, inexpensive
none
it works, it's cheap, it's small, ink is cheap
Easy to use, reliable
Good quality for the price
Easy to use and install, good quality.
Utter reliability. Virtually &lt;i&gt;never&lt;/i&gt; jams, even when fed scraps. Availability of unbelievably cheap ink cartridges!
Affordable
Not too many.
good picture quality, low price
It came free with our computer
Cheap, Small, Easy to Use
Small, prints clear, beautiful colors.
Ink last quite long
For its price it prints okay
Cheap Price, Cheap Black Ink Refills
Cheap, Easy to use
lightweight, does not take up a lot of room, inexpensive
Still looking for some.
5 pages per minute in black&amp;#13;&amp;#10;and 2 in color
Good quality printing, inexpensive, small size, very affordable ink.
great resolution, cheaper inks, cheap price
Inexpensive, ink is cheap, good quality
Inexpensive to buy and use, good quality printing for home.
compact, inexpensive ink, turns into a scanner
Very inexpensive - easy to use
Hard to beat for the money.
Ease of use, installation, size, price.
Cheap, Quiet, Small
Quiet, cheap, small, easy to find ink.
low price, text print quality
Cheap
easy to use, great quality
price
Small and easy to use
cheap
For its price it prints okay
reliable and very easy to use
easy use, quiet
Great for everyday paper use, affordable
excellant printing, light weight, very durable!
Inexpensive, durable, easy setup
easy to use
price
Crisp and Clear Graphics and Text; Inexpensive
Great Price, Can double of Scanner,good resolution, good software package
Very inexpensive
Cheap, good for essays/reports
Above average printer; great price!
Inexpensive, small
Very cheap, small footprint
It Works!
Cost-low
Inexpensive
reliable
Cheap
small, light, compact, good print quality
Inexpensive, easy to use, many options, supports wide variety of paper sizes
Quick, Easy to install and use
Great good quality printing, doesn't take up much space, hardly costs anything.
Price
Inexpensive, no paper jams, true color performance, prints evenly and quickly
inexpensive, small and tidy, quiet
Its small and reliable, it will fit on any desktop. 
Clear crisp printing. Very affordable.
Easy to use, good paper feed.
Good Price
great for basic text use, inexpensive, durable
Low cost, okay print quality, small.
Cheap!, fast, easy to find ink cartridges
The ink is seperate, making it cheaper to replace just black ink. Versatile.
Has a nice shape and fits almost anywhere
Cheap, good overall quality for the money, small footprint, attractive, usb option built-in
Smaller, and takes up less space than competing models.
Very inexpensive, turns itself on/off, small, quiet, ink system, free USB cable, name brand.
CHEAP
Small footprint, auto on/off
Low price. Decent quality prints. Good software bundle. Dependable.
Compact, inexpensive, reliable, easy to find ink tanks
cheap/does the job/small in size
Cheap Ink, Inexpensive, Cartridge easy to replace
Compact, Relatively Inexpensive Cartridges, Fairly Fast, User Friendly Drivers and Software
Relatively easy to get working, USB connection handy.
Inexpensive, easy to use.
Small Footprint, Speed, Quality of Print.
small, light, OK for occasional printouts
cheap, long-lasting
Printer has been very reliable setup easy,configures on printer cable with in Umax scanner
good price
Durable, good price
great price
easy to learn to use
does print
Easy To Find Replacement Ink, Easy To Use
Good for the kids
great price, good printing quality
Price, Print Quality
Price, good for simple things, quality is decent.
quite reliable
Nice picture
For its price it prints okay
small, light, easy to use, good as a backup or second printer
good quality printing, nice color, price, rebate offer
compact, affordable
Inexpensive, good quality print, ease of use
size and cost
Cheap and Simple
Price
small footprint, saves space, relatively inexpensive.
Price, size, weight, software, refillable color cartridges
Cheap (came with computer &amp;quot;package&amp;quot;)
sleek model easy fit in tight area
Works good for basic things
adequate print quality
It prints great detail in my pictures
price
Nice printing quality, affordable
inexpensive, but works well
Cheap Reliable
great when printing in black ink;  great deals on cartridges if you look around
none
Good text printing &amp;amp; no jams
Decent print quality, low price
Compact, Color, Quality
Compact and inexpensive
Great Product 
Low cost, good quality, reliable
good price, easy to use
It looks nice
inexpensive
Very Affordable and Compact
Versatile, good quality color images, inexpensive
value
Inexpensive unit, excellent color print quality
Inexpensive, Good Black and White Print Quality, Ok Color Printing Quality
Initial purchase price good
A good product for the price.
low cost, easy to use
Free
Easy to use, cheap, durable, good print quality, fast black and white printing, color compatibility...
Excellent print quality for a low price
My Disgust
Quality printing, great price
inexpensive, acceptable quality of printing, reliable machine
Light and Compact
Never a problem, small size
Small, Cheap, Decent Warranty, CHEAP...
Compact, lightweight and easy to use.
Compact size, upright style.  Easy replacement of carts.  Works w/different paper types.
Dirt Cheap, simple drivers, compact unit
easy to use and install, cheap price
Good quality printing, easy to use
Never Jams, Quick Setup, Great Bundle
Automatic poweron/poweroff, that's about it
small and compact
Good quality text and images, reasonably quick for an inkjet
seperate ink cartridges
Great for home use, good color, dependable as any out there, individual ink colors.
Good printing quality. Low cost.
Ability to purchase separate printer cartridges.
Easy to use, Ink Provided, A strong home printer
cheap ink, good speed and resolution
Quick printing at good quality
Print quality, low-ink warning, easy set-up, great price
Good Quality Printing
great quality printing
Extensive printing options, high print quality, drop-modulation technology, separate ink tanks, bi-directional printing, scanner function, copes with various paper types/sizes and is cheap.
paper handling , price
Great printer, good functions, easy to use, very fast
Superb photo quality pictures, seperate ink tanks for economical ink replacing.
Excellent print quality in black and white as well as color
Uses ink tank system, prints nice looking products&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Low Price, good Quality
Individual Color Tanks, Size, Printer Price
Windows 2000 Compatibility; Easy Setup/Use; Price
individual ink tanks, great print quality, decent speed
Great price; great price!
Fairly quiet, easy to refill cartridges, good output on expensive coated paper. Fair grayscale handling.
sleek look color printer
Cheap, sturdy, good print quality,
Ind. color tanks, low cost, fast printing..
great quality, amazing detail
Prints fast and cheap on ink
Great ink setup. Excellent color and speed.
Inexpensive ink, refill cartridges readily available.               
Separate ink tanks, USB, fast, quiet, $20USD factory rebate
Cheap Cartridges
Fairly inexpensive; separate ink cartridges
fast, good quality, light, infraRed
Very light, portable, simple to operate
LIGHTWEIGHT
Lite and easy to carry. Handy to have along
extended battery, excellent compatibility, quality document outcome, wireless portability
extremely versatile, best print quality on portable printer market, small and lightweight
very compact and mobile
Light, small, battery, fast, IR, WinCE drivers...
fast for portable, very good quality, small, light
My Canon 600 and 610 were good.
It only fails when I turn it on.
Low cost.
When it works, it works OK.
Cheaper than others
Very good color. Rich black text printing
Good quality, excellent customer support.
Quality printing
Easy to install, use, reasonable quality
Quality of output
Picture Quality, speed
You can get it pretty cheap now...
cheap,
Cheap price
makes a good paperweight, looks impressive
Decent print quality, large format, some interesting software
low cost, software bundle, nice speed and quality
Good quality for b/w
speed, quality
HP great machine
DOES IT ALL: PRINTS, COPIES &amp;amp; FAX
Nice picture
low maintenance cost
grate photo on glossy paper.
Faster printing, able to print large items such as posters
nothing
4 in 1 all you need.........
High Speed, Great Color!!
wide variety of print types and papers
Looks nice I guess
Print quality, durable
When it works, it's very nice.
inexpensive
Cheap, Nice Quality
It handles 11x17 paper, prints fast in black and white
Good Price, Good Quality
Reliability, low cost
quick black printing
none
affordable, easy setup
Features sounded good in store
Faster than our old one
fast printing
Sometimes it puts out really pretty pictures
Not many
Innexpensive, Good B&amp;amp;W Printer
Nice colored case if you like beige
Price and quality
Great price, wide format printing
Absolutely NONE for me!!!
Nice user's manual and well done set-up directions
Low price, large color prints, up to 11 x 17!
Hmm.  None that come to mind.
Can handle 11x17 paper; few if any driver/software problems
Large format, a lot of capability for the money, inexpensive to run.
Relatively fast printing 
Can't think of one!
Initial cost, print quality, print speed.
cheap
Quality, speed and price
Fast printing, 11x17 printing, low unit cost
Prints High Quality Graphics to 11X17
quality printing, fast, cheap cartridges
Fast, Versatile and Economical
fairly quick print time
Good for home use. Faster than some others
great color copies/easy to use/very dependable
I HONESTLY CAN'T THINK OF ONE!!!
Good price, good printing quality, cartridges easy to find
easy to change ink, prints clear, fast (after it's warmed up)
It was inexpensive and came with a rebate.
cheap, Adobe PhotoDeluxe included
two cartridge used at once
Output is great
10 PPM black, very versitile, simple interface, very easy to use, rather small, 11x14 paper printing
Ease of use, print quality, additional software
versatility
small, cheap
Fast, Excellent Quality, and Very Cheap.
Lightning Fast Speed
Small, useful, good printing quality, inexpensive
cheap, good quality, easy to use
Cheap, easy to set up and use, good results on several paper sizes.
Fast, inexpensive, good quality
Cheap, 11x17 printing, cheap ink
Price, quality, dependability
None
overall great printer
High-quality printing, fast, reliable, cheap, usually rebate, economical to use
Fair print quality
11 x 17 print format
At least there is a rebate in case you already bought it!
Good quality reproduction without smearing or blotching.
Nice printing if you have time to wait.
Cheap initial investment
inexpensive
pretty good value
Fast (in draft mode only)
It will work.  Not very good but it will work.
A3, very fast
hmm...
Inexpensive.
Good Output,individual color cartridges.
High-Quality Print Output
Great printing and photo quality, easy to use.
Fast printing speed in black and white.
Spectacular output, cheap cartridges, quick printing.
Easy to Use, Excellent Print Quality, Good Drivers
4 seprate ink tanks
Fast printing, crisp colors
B&amp;amp;W Print speed, Low Cost, Paper feeding
no jams, quality
Better color, cheaper ink replacement
fast clear printed photos and cards; individual ink cartridges; very economical to use.
Individual ink tanks, 
Very Fast printing, exceptional value.
Laser quality @ non-laser price!
nice printing quality
Good quality print jobs, separate print cartridges for each color, relatively inexpensive
price, 4 cartridge, cheap ink
Fast, Cheap, Great colors
fast, laser-like print quality, small and easy to use
Inexpensive, separate cartridges for colors, separate photo ink cartridges
Fast, good quality
Cost, separate ink cartridges
Reliable, fast black ink printing
Came with good 3rd party software; worked beautifully at first.
Separate ink tanks, fast speed, cheap
Separate ink cartridges, great color quality, quiet printing, many options, user-friendly
Decent quality, Separate ink cartridges can save money BUT see Cons
great text, good price
individual cartidges and high resolution
Individual Inks, Speedy, Ink Sensor, Capable of 6 Color Printing
Individual Ink Cartridges
Outstanding bang for the buck, cheap, quick and great output.
Good Quality, 6 ink colors
Beautiful results!
Fast Printing, Cheap Replacement Cartridges
Excellent Quality
Speed and Color Printing
individual ink cartridges, supports different paper sizes, replacement ink is cheap
none
Speed of printing, excellent resolution, setup a breeze.
Excellent black text output
Refilling Saves $$$$$$
Saves You $$$$$$$
individual ink tanks, quality and speed
Price, Speed, 7 Ink Tanks
4 individual ink tanks, no waste, fast 8+ ppm
great resolution, fast B&amp;amp;W printing, affordable
High resolution at 1440x720, photo ink cartridges, high speed (about 8ppm b/w, 2 to 4 ppm color, 1ppm or less with photo quality), low price in comparison to comparable models, separate ink tanks (when red is dry but not blue or yellow, replace the red onl
none
Single ink cartridge technology!
Still thinking here
Price, Speed, Quality
Dry out of the printer, awesome pictures
fast, reliable, inexpensive
Fantastic photo quality printing, super speed.
price, quality prints
Easy installation, easy hookup, great price
Individual ink tanks, less expensive
loaded with features, individual ink cartridges, high quality/speed
Great Quality, Great Price
speed, $ for ink refills and price
great quality, allignment, money saving features, photo printing
Great Quality for the price
easy to use, great quality of documents
VERY reasonably priced, great print quality, adjustable paper thickness, separate ink cartridges to reduce waste
A lot of printer for the money.
Great for picture printing! Individual ink cartridges!
good looking photos when they would print
speed, clarity
Great Price,Print,Speed
Cost
good programs, and makes great pictures, $50 dollar rebate
ease of setup, use, very good quality
It is fast and accurate.
Great quality images easy to learn and use
None
inexpensive, indivual ink tanks, fast
good price
Read on!
color quality
Good quality, fast, quiet, reliable
Print quality, price
Great printer; great rebate!
individual tanks
easy to use, economical, speedy
Has many good features
Nice Text Output, Decent Photo Output on Canon Paper
Price
Great text and photo quality on coated and photo paper
Cheap
quality and, speed
quality, speed
Individual ink tanks
Excellent quality print, very good accompanying software,  ease of use
Inexpensive, Color, Good Resolution, Separate Ink Cannisters
Has nice print-outs when it works
Easy driver install, tough and dependable.
Great price,good pics
Overall a nice, easy to use printer
Fast, good quality, easy to use
All around good printer.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Good print quality on the first two prints. That's it!!!
once warmed up, relatively quick for home use
Separate color tanks
Separate ink cart. Quick. Easy install. Prints good photos, great graphics.
Fast, Accurate, good color, easy to set up
Nice print output, separate cartridges for each color
Low original price
&lt;b&gt;Loves&lt;/b&gt; to print text...I got it cheap...includes good software
Very clear pictures
Competitive pricing, excellent print quality
Outstanding pictures/text
Ultra Nice Quality, Flexible Print Media, Long Lasting Ink Tanks
good quality, fairly quiet
Nice clean print.
great text prints, decent color, fairly fast
small and portable
Size, Performance, Quality of print
Size, Performance, and Quality of print
Great portable printer, fast
Very portable, fast, high resolution text printing, good color printing
Portability, Built-In Sheet Feeder
quality printing, good size/shape
good light weight printer
good to travel  with
Compact, Quality, Versatility, Mobile
Everything
Small...prints well, has the option to scan and to be used remotely
Great, portable printer with better than average results
modules available as money permits, scans, copies, prints color/b&amp;amp;w; battery option
Small footprint, easy to use, extremely portable, converts to scanner with scanning cartridge
size, weight
Top notch quality
Great output, Quiet
Great color, Individual ink tanks
Print quality
Astounding Color, 7  Ink Tanks
- excellent photo quality - USB and parallel port - Good skin tones
6 cartridges, high quality color printing, 
Great photo output, no dots
Print Quality, Price, Separate ink cartridges
Print Quality, Low Noise Level, Cost Of Use
Excellent photographic quality.
High quality output, 6 cartridges, good&amp;#13;&amp;#10;software.&amp;#9;
Good quality prints. 6 separate ink tanks saves ink costs.
An ideal printer for the traveller and so easy to use
Very compact, quiet, decent quality for inexpensive price, and easy to use.
Good clean print. Quality copies. No jams.
good quality, durable, reasonable priced
Good resolution, small, portable
Good print quality, scanner option, irDa built in, built in sheet feeder, 
It is light weight and compact and prints well.  The scanner option is a cool idea. 
Small, Light, Portable
Small, InfaRed compatible
Very portable, space saving, quality printing, ease of use.
Magnificent detail of printing, reasonable price, many features
Affordable
Cheap, it was very affordable
Great Price for Canon quality. Powerful management software.
Separate ink tanks
fast clear printing, easy to use
Excellent quality and inexpensive
Looks, Size, Quality
Good quality,Inexpensive,Versatile
Not high priced, good quality, easy to install and use.
a great printer for home use,four separate color inks
Cheap per page cost, fast enough, separate cartridges
Affordable, good quality printer
Affordable, good quality prints when it works, individual ink tanks.
Replaceable ink tanks; Ease of use; Excellent value;
Quality output, separate consumables, many print options
Wonderful greetingcard, photo printing. My second Canon Printer. 
Ink cartridges easy to refill saving $$$. works fast. This is a work hog.
good color rendition even on plain paper, reasonable price
Not any more
Simple, clean, auto-power features a plus, individual ink cartridges
Excellent Service, easy to find supplies, quick printer, dirt cheap
AFFORDABLE!!! separate color cartridges
Speed, Color Quality
speed,ease of use,color clarity
Separately replaceable colors, fast, quiet, quality output
Good quick guide. Software not bad.
Good Quality, Good on Ink, FAST!
Fast, clear print quality, scanner cartridge!
Good quality prints, quick, relatively inexpensive&amp;#9;
Fast, good quality, not too noisy.  Seperate color cartridges.
Canon BJC printers produce clear, clean prints.  Their rebate policy is reliable.
Quality prints, Ink life, fast 
Seperate ink-tanks, economical, quality
Quick printing, great color prints -  photo quality, economical
Quick printing, great color prints -  photo quality, economical
Awesome print quality at a fast speed
It is a Canon Printer,Which for me has always meant quality
speed, colors, resolution, compact design.
Cheap to use, excellent print quality, quiet, fast
high quality photo prints, separate ink cartridges
Decent speed and color for the price.
Fast and Hassle Free Printing
Great print quality, inexpensive to buy, inexpensive ink.
Very Inexpensive,  Good quality, Quick Printing
Ease of use.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Three separate color ink vials plus a black.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quite.
Print quality is excellent, setup was easy
Separate ink tanks, USB or serial connectivity, good software to go with it.
individual ink tanks, USB or parallel
Fast! Great Picture, four ink tanks
Speed, Quality, Noise Level, Construction
Everything!  You will not believe the quality!
Very excellent printing and fast
Ease of use, replacing ink less expensive
Extremely fast paper feeding system, individual ink cartridges, PHOTO QUALITY, auto shut off
Separate inks tanks, quiet operation
For the money this photo printer is the best I have found, I love it
Prints beautiful pictures, excellent performance.
Six paints cartridge, great quality, magnificent details, good software
fast, awesome picture quality, 6 separate ink cartridges, usb connection
photo-lab quality
Superb photo-quality prints, fast, quiet, individual ink tanks, can use any paper
Great results, inks last long!
Easy setup, easy use, fantastic photo prints!
Excellent color quality and photo detail.
nothing worthy
Worked good on old Win98 PC
Top notch printing quality in little time!
fast, awesome picture quality, 6 separate ink cartridges, usb connection
Individual ink tanks.  6 color printing.  Excellent photo output.
Easy to setup and run with XP.  Output initially excellent.
Nothing else comes close for the money, a real digital SLR
High quality colors and not too flashy.
Excellent image quality, sturdy construction, depth of field preview, and so much more!
Incredible features. Incredible resolution. Incredible flexibility
Solid design, excellent ergonomics, extremely easy to transition out of film photography.
The EOS D30 comes loaded with high features found on more expensive cameras.
great price now that it has dropped below 2000 dollars us
Everything!
Excellent build quality, great results
Solid-build, great imaging, familiar canon interface, 1.6x effective focal length gives great telephoto!
Fully compatible with Canon lenses and accessories, well-engineered
Interchangeable lenses.  Compact flash format.  Lots of bells and whistles.
Awesome low noise / smooth images; great battery life; reasonably fast operation (except startup)
Price, Image Quality in a class by itself, RAW format out of the box, long battery life (even WITH a Microdrive), dual battery charger out of the box, and more!
3.1 Megapixel CMOS Sensor, Mirror Lock-up, Long Exposure Noise Reduction, Auto Exposure Bracketing
Good image quality, good set of features
Ergonomically familiar to Canon EOS SLR owners.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Camera is capable of absolutely stunning images.
Affordable, uses standard EOS lenses, nearly unsurpassable image quality, features.
Fast focus,well built,nice price!
High resolution, low noise, significantly improved AF, quieter.
Easy to use. Excellent pictures. Flexibility with EF lenses.
superb image quality, easy to use, sets new low-price standards
Great price, excellent performance
Fit for professional uses
Excellent Color
Exceptional Performance!  Ease Of Use!  6-Megapixel Clarity and Canon Reputation...
Excellent price point, improved focus, VASTLY improved image quality, ISO 3200
SLR, Ease of use, accurate color, professional features, 3FPS, 36bit color depth, multi-point focus
Great battery life. Really low noise.
Excellent picture quality, Easy to use control panel - Lots of custom functions
interchangeable lenses,great images
Great pictures, fast, features to allow tons of creativity that only an SLR can provide.
Low Price, Excellent image, reliable
Versatile, Ease of Use Given the Power
near pro-level at consumer-level price.  excellent image quality
Great pictures.  Easy to use.  Good price.  
Professional quality SLR, Interchangeable lenses, 6.5 Megapixel low-noise CMOS sensor, customized functions, metal body.
good price, low cost ink cartridge, compact size
Great printer for very few dollars
Small footprint, laser quality text, inexpensive
Quality &amp; price makes this worth the purchase.
Fast &amp; decent printouts, easy setup, Good value for money..
Excellent quality B/W printing, very small in size, low noise, fast
Great customer service but wish it was toll-free
Cheap ink replacement, small compact size, very very good photo pictures (using photo quality paper)
Fast and very good color and b/w printouts, simple to use, $$ friendly
Fast, sharp images and clear fonts at any size while easy and cheap to refill.
Low Price, Cheap to Run, Good Quality Printing 
Relatively fast printing, Quiet, Nice Conservative Styling, Ink Tanks
USB 2.0, Price, Quality, Seperate ink tanks.
Great quality, good price, good brand name!
Fast, high quality, attractive photo output, driver stability, inexpensive ink replacement
Quiet (really quiet). Separate ink cartridges
Quiet, Fast, Compact, Individual Color Ink Cartridges.
Separate/inexpensive ink cartridges, fast black output, compact size, support.
Great photo quality, cheap ink, good speed, fairly quiet, economical use of ink
Affordability. Speed. Simplicity. Print quality. Quietness. Ink-replacement ease, affordability. Parallel-port/USB options.
Inexpensive, great quality prints, , three separate color low price ink cartridges
Quite fast, cheap ink costs.
Quick. Low ink usage, Easy to set up, Looks, Quiet printing. Reasonable price, Rebate!
Separate cartridges for each color, prints nice borderless photos.
Amazing results, easy set up, great price
Speed, clarity, speed, ease of use, speed, separate ink tanks, speed.
EXIF support, separate ink tanks, separate ceramic print head, usb or parallel interface
Excellent Photo Printing
works with xp, easily adjustable for paper thickness, perfect print quality both text and photo
This printer produces wet-lab quality photos.  It is fast and economical.
Extremely fast TEXT printing; Separate Less Expensive Ink Cartridges; Completely closes when not in use
Excellent printer it's quite,fast and printing jobs are great.
Excellent Photo Quality, Very Good 4x6 Borderless, Very Good Text and Graphics
Extremely fast printing,fairly easy setup, nice looking design, good price.
Great output, very fast printing, and low ink cost.
Excellent Photo printing.  Amazingly low ink usage!
excellent picture quality, light weight, cheap ink, quiet.
Photo lab quality prints quickly, cheaply...and good text as well.
Good customer support
Excellent color prints, separate color cartridges
Cheap, fast, low ink costs
Speed, quiet, borderless prints, separate ink tanks, excellent output, price
Good price and aesthetically pleasing
Speed, ease of use, rarely jams, price
Very fast, excellent photo quality, very good text, single color ink tanks, user replaceable head.
Extremely high quality photos, fast text, true color, cheap ink. 
Nice design, neutral color, GREAT photos, Good size memory, USB
Sharpness, speed, quiet, separate inks
Fabulous printer in my estimation
Separate ink cartridges, fast
Reliability, color print quality and speed, looks, small size, easy maintenance
Amazing image quality, Fast print speeds, 
Fast, quiet, incredible prints
Easy install, prints gorgeous photos, text on plain paper quite crisp. 
Great photos, fast, quiet, USB 2, individual ink tanks, separate print heads
The best quality as long as you use the right paper and software
Fast Printing, High Quality Borderless Photo Prints &amp; Mac OS X Compatible
It prints fast and produces some nice photo prints!
Truly outstanding print quality
Low price, SUPERB color, six-color inks, cheap and easy to operate
Photo shop quality pictures produced in less than 1 minute., Easy set up, 
35mm quality prints, fast and quiet, reliable.
high resolution, speed, quiet, compact size, user friendly
Quality, Speed, Price, Cost
Fast, quality, full bleed photo output!  Very friendly on the wallet.
Color accuracy (EXIF 2.2) and saturation, fast, quiet, separate ink tanks, borderless prints
Great functions, easy to install, fills it purpose.
It makes a good door stop
Easy install, great color, faxes flawlessly.
easy to install and use, multifunction: scan, copy, fax and color/black white printer. Print quality good. Plain paper
all-in-one - printer, copier, gray-scale scanner
Decent print quality, good copy/scan quality
Ink life, hardware reliability
multifunctional and space saving
Reasonably priced.
Good Idea
small footprint and fewer cords
looks great, sounds great
Hey, the fax works
Multi-functional, easy to operate
many products
Printing, Copying
Inexpensive
Multiple functions, software bundle
Many different functions from one machine
1. easy to install, options and quality
multiple functions (printer, fax, copier), easy to install and use
all-in-one functions, cartridges interchangeable with most other Canon inkjets
Good value and good features.
Nice Price, Gets The Job Done, Small size for such a large task
none for mac
It sometimes saves you a trip to Kinko's
Takes up little desk space, easy install
Great price and quality
Inexpensive, fax capability
Compact Size, Stand Alone Ability
price, ease of use , compact size
Easy to use, versatile
CHEAP
An easy-to-operate multifunction office machine that Faxes, Prints, Scans, and Copies.
4 in 1, Cheap, Reliable, User Friendly, Easy to use, 
no big weakness
Low price, average printer, scanner, and copier function with good fax capabilities, easy to use control panel and easily read LCD, good amount of memory for memory fax reception
All in one fax, copier, scanner and printer, does them all relatively well, good value.
Good concept
Fax, scan, copy, color printing all in one affordable unit
Convenience of one machine, inexpensive cartridge replacement.
Inexpensive, Color, multifunction, convenience
useful, several machines in one, no problems
clean copies, good quality color printing, easy to use, reasonable price
Multifunction color copier/scanner/fax/printer
All in one, great price for so much stuff
Great software, excellent print quality
Fast Black and White printing
Very useful product
clear print quality, multifunctional
Great print quality
does almost anything
Price, Print quality
Inexpensive, Multifunction
All in one unit.
Easy to use
quick and well done printing
Lots of capabilities if you have legacy ports on your PC
saves you space on your desk
Fairly good color printing, multi-function useful
Flawless Fax reception, great color copies, and a decent printer.
Multifunction
Cheap, has printer/scanner/fax all in one unit
Good Color Scanning and Printing. Great Fax Features.
Multi-functioning, print quality.
economical, good quality printing, faxing and scanning
Small size, decent output
It does the job, doesn't take up a lot of space, and is relatively cable-free.
Easy to set up out of box, functionality plus,for the price. No jams.
All-in-one, Price
Relatively Compact
Good print quality
NONE FOUND
The box can be used to store other stuff.
Good look, seperate ink cartridges, fast scanning
generous amount of ink at cheap price.
inexpensive
Good price, works fairly well. Bought 3 year warranty.
copier, fax, color printer, scanning
This printer does everything you could want.
Speed and features.
Copying, scanning, faxing all work well... good price also.
works sporadically
Produces high quality scans, printouts and copies, low operating costs, easy to setup and install
Easy to use, great printing ,&amp; well designed.Ink can be refilled saving you $. 
Print quality very good, print speed decent
Good color, fast output, easy to operate.
Fast and efficient with great scans and rich colors.
good color copies, fast black &amp; white printing
Easy to use, color printer,  photocopier, and scanner.  Relatively quick printing.
Wonderful photographs
Simple to use, print is very clear in black and color. 
Crisp output; multi-functional; individual ink cartridges save money.
Takes little space. Prints fast!
Excellent service, good print quality
The printer is great at doing color and B&amp;W prints. 
A beautifully designed machine, quiet and efficient.
Print quality, ease of use and set-up,features
Great features for a great price; easy to hold and lightweight.
Inexpensive, very good quality, fun, easy to use.
Inexpensive with loads of options
Easy to use. Excellent image quality. Sharp looking camera.
3x Optical zoom for under $200, good picture quality
great features, low price. 
Inexpensive, great features, long battery life, and excellent quality photos.
Affordable, compact, detailed LCD screen
low price, great optics, ease of use, compatability
Get pictures
Optical and digital zoom.  Lots of features.  Great customer support.
Low price with good features. Hard to beat in it's class-price range
Lots of options, great picture quality
Fast, competent, fully featured, quality results, excellent value for money, extensible.
If you take a lot of shots, some will be exposed properly and maybe sharp.
Easy to Use
Sharp clear pics with good color.  Canon quality zoom lens.
Ergonomic, inexpensive, brand name, great zoom, many features!
Fun to use, good price/performance ratio, easy to look at.
Photo Quality, Build Quality, Size, Uses AA Batteries, Ease of use, built in lens cap
Optical &amp; Digital Zoom, up to 1600/1200 Res., USB connectivity
Great overall feature set at an attractive price, uses CF.
compact, great picture quality 1600x1200
Great resolution,feel of a 35mm, zoom shows thru viewfinder to compose
Size, weight, picture quality, price
Great battery life (Ni-MH), Good quality photos, Relatively small
Easy to use, Less Shutter Lag, Great Image Quality, Available Accessories
Superior image quality, easy to use, good documentation and software
2 important modes- manual &amp; automatic
Easy to get started, good value for price, crystal clear LCD
Great images, comfortable design, good price, easy software/menus
Good Price; Easy to Use; Great Software; Elegant Design
Very good image quality, good value, good build quality/ ergonomics, uses AA batteries, USB.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
The Canon Power Shot is the best camera&amp;#13;&amp;#10;you can buy.
Outstanding picture Quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Reasonable price
Clear picture. Easy to use.  Takes panoramic photos.
Image Quality, ease of use, build quality, OS X/Windows XP support
Very easy to use and the photo quality is amazing. 
For those who want a no-think, just-shoot camera, look no further
Reasonable battery life, Compact Flash storage, nice pictures, zoom
4 and a half stars, ease of use, durability, photo quality, good pictures
good body, compact , stylish, easy to use affordable.
Good price, good pictures, easy to use
good value, easy to use hardware
Easy, Quick, High Quality uses Standard CFlash Card, excellent win2k interaction
Outstanding image quality, good battery life, easy to use, optical zoom, NTSC out.
Product has great software and picture quality. 
Picture Quality, Ease of use .
Fast!
Superb picture quality
Small, Quality pics, tastes great and is less filling.
easy to use, AA batteries (rechargeable work great! Compact Flash medium is great storage 
Small size, great quality, accepts AA batteries.
picture quality, reliability, design
Very easy to use, sturdy, very good picture quality.
Small, Easy To Use, Great LCD
Small size, fits in my hand, LCD viewfinder, easy for a first-timer to use
Picture Quality, &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ease of use, &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Battery Life, &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Features (not just point and shoot)
Perfect for the family photographer starting with digital, a simple point and shoot
Easy to use... light... compact... only keep the pics you want... idiot-proof!
Rock solid, great output, features, size.
Great quality, excellent software
Takes Great Photos.  Zoom feature is super easy to use.
beautiful pictures, compact size, 3x zoom, AA batteries!
Small and portable, has zoom!
Easy to use, great pictures!
Small, easy to use, yet with great image quality and features.
Clear high res pictures, easy to use, powerful advanced features
Nice camera BUT!!!
Price, picture quality, NiMH battery life
Clear display. Easy to use menus.  , The 2.0 Megapixel images are good quality
Loads of functions and effects, All you need from a camera for a beginners price
image, cost, one hand point&amp;shoot, AA battery, Compact Flash, movie mode, SCUBA case 
Awesome entry level unit.  Easy to use.
Cheap, comfortable and compact
crisp color, confident autofocus, one hand operation, manual controls, sturdy
Perfect images, Simple to use.
Great pictures, great features, great price
Good image quality.  Superior movie clip mode. Compact.
Value for money and range of functions
great first camera, a good deal
Fabulous pic quality, many manual features
Excellent picture quality, great value, ability to control photography in manual mode.
Compact, good controls layout, amazing photo quality, video with sound
cheap megapixels
small, cute, price
Easy to point and shoot on the factory settings.
Amazing image quality, Movies w/sound, Small - Easy to carry, Easy to use
lots of useful options
Excellent low light images. Long battery life with good NiMH's. 3x optical zoom. Manual mode.
Price, Simplicity, Quality
Features galore. High quality images.
high quality images, easy to use, videos with sound, TV out, battery life, manual mode
Manual mode, user-selectable ISO, movie mode &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Great clear images, easy to use.
Ease of use, image quality, value
Good picture quality, Easy to handle, Lightweight, Good Price.
Image Quality, Manual controls
quality built, manual mode, long exposure, expandable, can use AA battery
Quality pictures, manual controls, movie mode with sound.
Easy to use in auto mode as well as manual mode. Great guess free pictures.
Excellent picture quality,ability to, adjust settings manually,and no more film to develop !!!!
Two words: Manual Mode.
Value, manual control, construction quality, panorama mode and software, image quality
A wonderfully designed and easy to use high quality digital camera.
Good Battery Life, Well Built, Takes Great Photos, Easy to use
For the money good quality pictures.
Extremely easy to start taking pictures right out of the box.
Solid casing. Sharp, clear images. Easy to use. Good documentation. No expensive proprietary components.  
Excellent image quality, good battery life.
Picture Quality, Ease of use, zoom.
Powerful options, excellent quality, good price.
best price/performance, uses CF storage, special accessories available
Stylish, accomodates both experts and novices, great value
Rich features., Easy to use., Video mode with sound!, GREAT quality., Not very heavy.
Manual and Stitch Assist Mode, Excellent Image Quality and Noise Reduction, Great Software Bundle
good quality pictures, easy to use, pixels and resolution.
Excellent Ease of Use, Compact Flash, Great Picture Quality
Amazing picture quality, Great previews on TV, Excellent support from Canon
You control how simple or how complex you want the camera to be.
Value and features
Great features, simple user friendly options to the advanced Photographer. Superb Photos.
Photo bliss. Extremely easy, many control options, high end features at a rock bottom price.
Ease of use! Picture quality, great value. 
Easy to use for beginners.
Feature Rich, compact size
Durable, easy to use, quality pics
Crisp, clear images, lightweight, compact. Loads of features. Records short movies. 2 megapixels
Excellent photos, auto mode works great, and has manual override
Awesome Photo Quality, Great Features, Movie Mode, Advanced Camera Features
Excellent image quality, manual mode, movie mode w/ sound, very well-built
Easy to use compact flash, good quality supporting software, movie mode w/audio, ease of use
More features than you will ever need for a point and shoot.
Ease of use, the menu feature, automatic settings and usb connectivity. 
Features, video out, software, price.
Excellent Colors, AA Batteries,low picture noise
Easy to use, many settings
Compact and solid design&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Impressive image contrast
high quality images, many options
It shoots pictures
Great Pictures
Fast, small, detailed images
Size, sturdiness, price
light weight
small, light, inexpensive
small, good pics
Excellent color and clarity ina asmall package
User Friendly
Outdoor shots, ease of use, size, ZOOM, Included TV connector
Krishna
Price; size
High Quality at a Reasonable Price
Durable, small, holds lots of images, easy to use
Very small.... pocket size, Takes great pictures at shorter distances, Great software package
Easy to use
Size, Picture Quality, Price
Excellent Quality, Easy to use
good value, easy to use
great camera
Great quality digital photos at a very affordable price.
Easy, Quick
Small and light weight
small size, good for family shots 
very small, great features for the price
good pictures, even with 'point and shoot'
quality, price, durability
Small size, image quality, excellent construction, many features
Many features in compact size.
Features available for the price
Good size, good photo quality, trendy look, high resolution capability
small size, price
many features, great quality
Ease, no developing, nice LCD display
Excellant photo quality
Light, portable, economic, good quality, strong, LCD display, capacity
compact
Cost, Quality of Pictures, LCD display
compact size, ease of use, picture quality
Great shots, ultra-small, aluminum body
Affordable, Rugged, Small, High Quality
Small size, good pictures
easy to use, compact, light weight
fairly inexpensive, zoom lens, auto lens cover
Compact size, zoom, and great pictures
Crisp Outdoor Shots, Compact Size, Software Bundle
Easy to use, excellent features, price dropping.
easy point and shoot; good enough software
Good for beginners
Excellent Quality and Extremely Easy to Use
Instruction book is difficult to understand in some areas.
Great Pictures
yes
GOOD VALUE
photo quality, compact, durable
pocket sized, sturdy aluminum clad body, largest optical zoom in the Canon Elph-based series
High quality pictures, ease of use, good documentation
Small, tough, very good quality pictures
Low Price, fantastic quality of image, easy to use, lots of options
Image quality, lots of features, solid housing
Lots of manual settings., Love the new "Scene Modes", Well constructed and built, 
Excellent colors and photo quality, full manual controls
WOW!Great quality pictures!
Great price~performance ratio, excellent image quality.
Easy to take great pictures right out of the box, and more to learn later
Very good photo quality, lots of manual/creative control, inexpensive, 3x optical zoom, AA Batteries  , 
Design.Ease of use.
-cheap, -the best in 2 mega, -multiple options!, -great for starters
Good price to performance ratio, easy to use. Good image quality. 
great picture quality, sound on movie settings, reasonable price, easy to use, great zoom
lots of manual options, good pictures
battery life
Relatively light, better quality than expected for a 2mp camera
Nice size, good battery life, nice features.
Price. Photo quality. Features.
powerfull little camera, AA batteries, picture quality
Best overall value, solid body, manual settings for advanced use.
3 MegaPixel, 3x optical zoom, good price, solid feel, FUNC button
Price. Advertised features. Size.
3.2 MegaPixel, 3x optical zoom, compact size, lots of creative control.
Lots of custom controls, good zoom, small, decent photo quality
Construction, image quality, functions, manual mode, good macro, 16 mb included compact flash
Easy to learn and use, excellent low light photos, a great value.
Picture quality is good.  Size is fine.   
Price was good $263 total.  Picture quality good based on limited use.
Great bang for the buck -- manual options and low cost
Easy to use and wonderful quality.
Good color balance, good manual override, interesting video abilities, nice interface, reasonable price
great picture quality, excellent video w/sound, good battery life, durable
relatively inexpensive;, quality pictures;, small;, easy to use
3 minutes movie rocks! Nice surprize. 
Great photos, easy to use, good manual, many options, takes videos
Full of features for the price - ease of use - uses regular AA Batteries
Picture Quality, Full Manual Control, Good Flash, AF illuminator, Uses AA Batteries., 
3.2mp, excellent ergonomics/usability, easy to use but advanced functionality
Ease of use, small size, video files WITH sound
Ease of Use, Uses 4 AA batteries, Wise Angle mode , Stitch software, 
Easy to use, nice crisp shots, good color, lots of advanced features.
Absolutely incredible Photographs, extremely ergonomic AND economic, A zillion features.
Cheap, great photos, point and shoot away!
Powerful, precise, easy to use, worth every penny.
Super clear photos, great macro feature, excellent zoom capabilities and super video clips!!
Most bang for your buck, AF assit lamp, excellent images, ease of use.
- Picture Quality, - Camera Build Quality, - Lens add-ons, Underwater case, - Intuitive Interface
High End functions and glass lenses at good prices.
Very good photo quality, lots of manual/creative control,  inexpensive , 
Image quality, Body design, CompactFlash media, Movie Mode with Sound, Battery Life, Optional lenses
Easy to use, Very accurate color, Intelligent autofocus system, Functional shooting modes, Excellent software
A small, lightweight, nearly professional powerhouse.
Ease of use, features, printed manual
great auto mode, AA batt, great value
3.2 MP, Excellent Quality Photos
Great Megapixel/price ratio, Easy to use, lots of features, durable, Great all around
Price, size and 
Overall, excellent photos, battery life, internet updates, features
Size, traditional camera shape, battery life, manual features
Wow! Wow! Wow! Outstanding control and quality!
Easy to use, excellent pictures, online services like ofoto.com make this even better
Great options, excellent battery life, IBM microdrive compatible.
Great quality pictures, size, battery life
great, 3.34 megapixels, great resolotioun
High quality pictures, good battery life, great options
clarity, quality, great battery life (re-chargeable), swivel LCD screen
An AC adapter and battery charger with a Lithium-ion rechargeable battery is included.
Good Pics and a good all-around camera, except. . .
Image quality, battery life, ISO 50, RAW format, etc.
Great images, battery, fold in/twist out LCD, ISO 50, RAW Image Files
Twisting screen, battery life, stitch mode, microdrive, excellent build. 
Twist LCD screen ,IBM MicroDrive support, Flash Hot-shoe, Battery life, Multiple manual and automatic modes
Image quality, panoramic, rechargeables included, remote control, swivel LCD.
Good optics, Excellent battery, Excellent controls, "Retro" styling, Built-in flash and hot-shoe
Great pictures, takes 1 gig micro drive
Picture quality, extras that come in the box (wireless remote, battery), hotshoe
Picture quality, design, features
formidable photo quality, durable, versatile
excellent photos, feature rich, heavy.
superior low light shooting, flexible LCD screen, Hotshoe on camera, faster focus, ease of use, battery life and all necessary items included in purchase price
Battery life, massive storage capacity, flip-out LCD display
Swivel LCD, flash options, great images
picture quality, battery life, flexible storage devices
Great screen, movies with sound, fantastic quality.
Large battery, hot shoe, raw files
Easy to use and yet complete control
Superior design and quality, price point comparison.
Nice features set, support microdrive, user friendly
Sharp lens, portable, manual controls, hot-shoe, LCD, ISO 50, battery
3.34MegaPixels, 3x Optical, 4x Digital, video+sound, Interchangeable lenses.
battery life,massive storage.
Picture quality, build quality, rotating LCD screen, great software
Features, Compact Flash Type 2, Camcorder Style Battery
it has all the advance features you'll ever need &amp; accepts CF Type II
battery, RAW file format, quality of pictures&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Very good camera with versatile lens attachments, built in flash system.
ISO 50, great images, professional controls, very fast, great build qualities.
Uses IBM Micro-drive, awesome battery life even with IBM drive, Great PICS!
quality images, microdrive, software, super fine JPEG
takes clear shots
Great picture quality, hotshoe, compact, durable, great for accessories
Wonderful picture quality, doesn't need too much expertise to start impressing people
Functionality, Features, Price
Easy To Use
Great image quality, ability to take off-camera flash, rechargeable battery, pleasantly chunky.
CF Type II media, 3 Megapixels, audio with movies, good battery
Excellent images, format CCD RAW, large battery life, many features, MicroDrive support, easy to use
SUPERFUN...FEELS GOOD in the HAND...REALLY FAST CLICKER!  People WILL ENJOY your CREATIVE PICTURES!
it's a take anywhere kind of camera
Relatively compact size, manual features, nice LCD, included rechargable battery
Swivel LCD, battery life, flexible storage 
excellent pictures, swivel LCD
Swivel LCD, Remote control, Flash hot-shoe, Type II CF Compatability
A nice piece of engineering; a great set of features
Beautiful pictures, great battery, solid build, feature-packed, swivel LCD
Great pictures, wonderful flip-out LCD, MD support, add on lenses, ISO 50, RAW
Amazing image quality! Solid construction. Long list of features.
It has all the features you'll ever need &amp; produces incredible pictures.
Easy to Use, Sharp pictures with beautiful color reproduction !
Sharp, clear pictures.  Ease of use.  Quality. Tons of options.
Crystal clear 4MP images, 3x optical zoom, long battery life, lots of great features.
4.10 Megapixels, Great resolution and lots of room to work with
High 4 MB resolution, fully dedicated hot shoe, viewfinder versatility, great Canon optics!
4MP, f2.0 3x zoom, excellent battery life, tilt/swivel LCD, 32 MB CF card.
Very powerful Camera, fairly small construction, 4.1 megapixels!
Great camera, lots if fun, easy to use
crisp, clean, perfect images, lots of new features
Bigtime memory, high resolution, clean clear pictures, oodles of features
Crystal clear photos, fully customizable photo settings, great moveable display
Excellent picture quality and battery life
4MP, movie mode, excellent battery life
Incredible lens. Clear, crisp, colorful image reproduction. 4 mega pixels.
Very good picture quality, versatile autofocus.
&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Solidly built; many features; excellent photos; easy to hold.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/i&gt;
Great picture quality, powerful enough to be fully automatic or to allow you complete control.
LOTS of features, great battery life, battery life meter, articulated LCD, works well in low-light
Picture Quality, Manual Controls, Battery Life
Photo color &amp; clarity, flip-out LCD screen, remote included
Lots of features, Great battery, great outdoor pictures.
Good feature list, RAW mode, flip-out LCD etc
Four Megapixel, fast lens, tilt and swivel display, RAW output
Good Pic Quality, Easy to use especially if you already own a Canon, 
Quality of image,  great lens; range of features and accessories available.
Excellent Images.  Movie Mode! Lots of adjustment options.  Long battery life.
Beautiful pictures, long battery life, easy to use, Canon quality
4 mega pixles, battery life, clear images. 
Extensive manual control, high image quality, excellent suite of pro/advanced features, articulated LCD screen.
this
Shoot to your heart's content, Great Battery life, Excellent quality lens
Turns a mere mortal into a professional caliber photographer...easily!
Excellent, low-noise images; compatibility with Canon external flash units; user interface is easy
stitch and movie function, manual modes, zoom digital zoom, small package, IBM microdrive support
Hundreds of Beautiful Photos. Various Modes making friends go Jee Whiz!
Great picture taking, Excellent exposure controls, Amazing autoexposure
Picture quality, Available features, Li-Ion battery.
4.0MP, manual and auto controls, very little shutter lag
excellent picture quality, Lots of options, and a swivel LCD screen
Image quality, build, features, current pricing after release of G3.
Great pictures, adjustable LCD, lots of features. long battery life
great color and resolution, easy to use, remote control operation
Hardy, multifunctional, good quality.
Excellent quality of images and has many functions that you can use in manual mode
Great contruction and superb results
Excellent quality of pictures, Rugged, good looks. 
Easy point and shoot, GREAT color and resolution.  Very good battery life.
Great quality pics, even in low light
Image quality, battery life, hot-shoe for ext. flash
Multiplicity of modes and features, flexability, DURABILITY!, MOVEABLE LCD-SCREEN!  GREAT PICTURE QUALITY
Great images, easy to use, many features.
 the closest picture to 35mm film. Simple, fast and perfect. need I say more
Well built, excellent quality pictures, 2.0f lens, 4 megapixels
Innovative LCD screen, versatile, well-designed and executed camera
Good ergonomics, lots of features but still easy to use.
i carry it everywhere with me
Crystal clear high quality images, long battery life, lots of PLUS features. BUYIT!
Great styling, high quality photos, good battery time, lots of manual features, solid build.
Great optics and user interface
Great pictures,good build,solid controls,flip LCD.
easy as a point and shoot, high quality images, many many options.
Very easy to use and download pictures with supplied software
4.10 Megapixels, Very good picture quality
Packed with features and takes great pictures!
Ease of use, easy to carry, picture quality right out of camera
Too many to list... the G3 almost makes the G2 look bad!
faster than G2, uses CompactFlash, long battery life
Incredible array of controls, great battery life, sharp photos &amp; great colors
supporting FAT32 for CF, Good coloring, fast, 2nd-curtain flash, fast lens, long battery life
Easy to use, good size and weight, and much more
Best Digital Camera I have used to date. 
&lt;b&gt;Probably the most versatile and near perfect camera for the non-professional.&lt;/b&gt;
LCD, 4x zoom, Fast boot
Extensive list of functions to satisfy every enthusiast, great picture quality
Easy to use, great pictures, good in low-light
Full auto or control of photographs with stunning quality
fast lens, zoom range, flexibility, ease of use, hot shoe
4 mega pixel, excellent quality, excellent battery life
Great optics, 4X optical zoom lens, system capabilities.
G3 an excellent camera indoors
Improved controls over previous Powershots, long battery life.
Capable of extremely high image quality,  , Very short shutter release lag
Outstanding battery life and great manual controls
Sharp, clear pictures. Intuitive interface. Good colour reproduction.
Fast enough, amazing image quality, convenient control
Amazing versatility and feature set for the price ($470 7/03)
Awesome Camera.  Lots of extras. Great Pictures and movies. 
Highly detailed images. Vivid, accurate color. Great battery life.
Advanced camera, Good image Quality, Flexible exposure modes, many, many features
solid construction,good zoom
Many innovative improvements over the Canon Powershot G2, 
Great picture quality, rich with functions, many improvements from the G2
Small, lightweight and excellent photos
Feature RICH! Takes stunning photographs! Long battery life! 
Full Control, Fast 4X lens, Superior Image Quality, Compact Flash I/II Media
picture quality,battery life,LCD monitor,handling, value. manual control, nice lense
Photo Quality, LCD Flip-out Screen
Great Pics
great camera
Game is so much fun.  Great with multy-player or with single-player!
Accurate Color
cheap price.......
ease of operation, feature set, and price
grat camera
Great Resolution - Needs a Little Improvement
long battery, wide angle zoom, external flash hotshoe on-board the camera, excellent lens
Quality shots/2 compactflash slots
Close up shots.
PRICE BREAK because the Pro70 is not cutting edge. Microdrive ready.
ergonomic, easy to use, great lens, decent focus, decent flash support
Great Zoom Range (10X), Loaded with features, Image sharpnesss
SLR style form factor, flash hotshoe, 10x zoom, picture quality
Incredible lens capable of 10x zoom. Loaded with features.  Sexy design.
10x optical image stabilized zoom, Microdrive compatible, Hot shoe
Image Stabilization, 10X Zoom, Great Lens, Easy to use Digital SLR
Great zoom, great features
Tilt/Flip LCD, 10X Optical Zoom Lens, Image Stabilization&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Excellent Quality, Easy to Use, VERY SLR Like.
Great lens, 10x zoom, good flash, easy to use.
Great, fast zoom plus lots of control
Takes great pictures
Very nice, small, affordable, and great quality.
Compact, easy to use, great pictures
Built like a TANK
easy to use. takes great pictures. water-resilient!
excellent camera
Petite, Attractive Design, Lightweight, Easy to travel with/use, Nice photo quality
PICTURE QUALITY, SIZE
Small size, excellent picture quality, 2 megapixel is more than enough
A fun camera , small on size, Big on performance!
compact, good pictures, looks like the popular &amp;quot;Elph&amp;quot;
Is a small, and quality taking picture camera 
Easy, great photos, many features
great image quality, easy to use, can use microdrive
Great size, great pictures, great everything!
nice pictures,small,convenient
Great design! User friendly picture taking.
Solid construction, excellent image quality, very easy to use
Compact, fantastic quality, easy to transfer pics, great LCD.
Easy to use, great pictures, great software.
Great
After days of constant research, I have settled on this one.  
small, easy to use, many advanced features, accepts ibm microdrive
Cost, size, easy to use, uses the lower cost IBM Microdrive
Small, Flexible, Inexpensive, 2.1 megapix's
compact and reliable
Compact Size, Easy to Carry, 2.1 Mega Pixel
Size!!
Good looking, VERY small, great pictures
Size, Resolution, Coolness
Easy to use
Flashy electric sun amazes the natives
Portable, 2 MegaPixel, Flashy Looks, Makes Quicktime VR's 
Very good in quality.  
Size, Battery Life, Picture Quality
Small footprint, well-built and rigid body, responsive control, super-low noise CCD, Super-Fine compression mode comparable to TIFF uncompressed images at 1/4 the size.
small, lightweight, good pictures
size,image quality
Best color accuracy and sharpness of all 2.1 mpixel cameras
Good resolution, great features, small footprint
Form factor, CompactFlash Type II slot, optical zoom lens with a 2X-4X digital option, ISO from 100-400, 3 selectable image sizes 
superb images, quality construction, accepts Type II cards
Small, great functions, nice pictures
Small size, easy to use, sturdy, USB
Size, Quality, Toughness, Features
small, convenient, easy to use
Powerful, nice photos, produces beautiful prints
Excellent pictures, many different picture taking options, great software
Durable stainless construction
little camera, big power
Cheap, Great Pictures, Very Nice Design
Size, weight, and easy to use
price and ease of use
Picture quality, takes Microdrive, feature rich
Size, construction, image quality
Awesome picture Quality
small size, memory capabilities, features
good quality pictures, compact design, digital capabilities, easy photo transfer
Handy All-In-One Digital Camera
Great resolution, great zoom, it can take a beating
Size
...
durability and reliability
Compact, high quality, easy to use point and shot
fairly easy to use
high quality small
SEE ABOVE
Tiny "go anywhere" 2.1 megapixel camera with superb optics
A sharp camera with a lot of functionality.
Canon Brand, Size, Durable Construction, Picture Quality, Features, Wow Factor
1600x1200 resolution means real 8x10" photos, smaller than most 2.1 megapixel cameras, fast continuous shooting
Small, Solid, Beautiful Pictures, Rechargeable batteries included
Easy to use! clear pictures, plenty options for me to customize my photos.
great size
Small, easy to use, reasonably priced.
little, Compact Flash card, functions, software
Nice design, solid functionality, supports CF I and II cards.
Great size, crisp photos
Excellent workmanship,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;compact, decent results
thetic
Nice and small
Reasonably priced, high quality pictures, easy to use, rugged
Compact size, simple to use
Small size, great feature set for the price.
Great camera...incredibly easy to use...great quality
Compact and intuitive
excellent picture quality,small size,easy to learn
You can save money by not buying film for this camra
small, and CUTE
Easy to use, Compact, It has a flash
takes great pictures and still cheap
Portable and easy to use
SIZE, SIZE, SIZE
* Coolest Digital Camera Around &amp;#13;&amp;#10;* Excellent Picture Quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10; 
small, light, easy to use
Small size, quality of images, and it's COOL!
Small and portable. Good Pic quality. Durable.
Small, lightweight and takes great pictures
Easy to use and produces excellent photos!
easy to use; great pictures/LCD/features; easy to download; great value - quality ratio;
Re-chargable Battery, Size, Weight, Photo Preview, Quiet
Small, lightweight, and good picture quality
Compact traveling size.
Size and Weight, awesome clear screen,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Good DSC
Small Size
compact, durable, easy to use.
Tiny, Quick camera
Size of cigarette pack. Crisp pictures. Many functions. Great first digital cam!
Small,  easy to use with quality pictures
Great picture...nice and compact
Portability, above average image quality, construction, battery life and LCD
small size, build quality
Small, great image quality, portable, undetectable.
good looks, compact, rechargeable battery
Size, quality, uses standard Compact Flash
High Qlty. pics. Small size, and a Beauty!
Solid, small, easy to use.
Tiny and easy to use
2.1 Megapixel, USB, Lithium Ion Battery, Metal Casing, RCA Plug for TV/VCR
size, design, functions, compatibility
Small, Easy to Use, Great Pictures
price, size, ease of use, quality of pictures, support, the "OH WOW"
Small and light; very easy to use.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Smallest Digital Camera, Price, 2.1 Megapixel
Filmless technology = totally liberating! Buying accessories!
Tiny (stealth), high-quality photos.
Tiny, tiny, tiny and wonderful pictures!
S110 which replaces the S100.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;New Feature:  Movie Mode with Audio.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Long battery life.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Compact, durable, good resolution, able to take low-light and black &amp; white photos, rechargeable battery
Size, quality or pictures, ruggedness
A great selection as a first digital camera
Size, Durability, Photo Quality
rugged shell, great picture quality to size ratio, a camera to carry everywhere.
small; easy to use
small, decent images, good construction quality
Small, Takes Great Pictures, Easy Computer Interface
One word describes this camera - TINY.  This is, without a doubt the best feature.
Small size
Tiny, solid chassis. 
ultra-compact design, easy to use
size, weight, battery life
Small, stainless casing, 2 megapixel quality camera at a good price
Tiny Size! high-res, rechargeable battery, simple to use
size, picture quality, interface with PC, great software
Durable stainless body
Size, ease of use, fully-functioned for size
small body, crisp images
fabulous size and control layout, nice features, easy
small size, great quality pics
Compact and works like a charm
Small, solid, great quality photos.
Small size, nice lens, nice accessories
size
size, detail, construction
SIZE!!!
Small size, good image quality
Small, light, easy to use, eye-catching
Everything
Small size, easy to download pics, quality
Small, Quality pictures, rechargeable Li-ion battery, great LCD
Great color, 8x10 px, 2.11MP, FAST recycle, Tiny Jewel!
Everything
Modern Design, Small Size, best 2.1 Megapixel Digital Camera for its size &amp;amp; price.  USB connector for fast uploads.
Great image quality, stylish, compact, take-anywhere, useful, impressive
Ease of operation
Small, Super fast USB download, "Life of the party"
Easy to use, good picture quality, incredibly small size
Size (small)
Tiny size, great ease of use
Portability, ease of use, quality of photos
Compact and very durable.  Quality of pictures are pretty good.  Nice screen to view pictures.
smallest digital camera currently available, good pic quality
2 mega pixel quality, good zoom lens, ease of use.
Small enough to be stuffed in a pocket or purse, point-and-shoot ease...
Canon, Good Quality Pictures, Small, Easy To Use.
Size, style, convenience, ease
Great Size, Durable, Nice Screen, Comes with rechargeable battery
Beautiful Images, Small Package
Tiny, powerful features
an little engineering marvel
Very small, sturdy construction, 2 megapixels, easy to use
Ultra-compact, ultra-stylish, ultra-fun, ultra-everything
Incredibly small, nice featured
TINY size, STEEL body, great design!
Great megapixels, easy to use and upload, smallest digital camera in the market
Small Size, Good pictures, Picture Capacity, Sleek Look, Good software
compact and easy to use
&lt;b&gt;TINY SIZE, GREAT IMAGE QUALITY&lt;/B&gt;
Size IS everything. Forget clunkers. This goes with you everywhere.
Great image quality for such a little guy. Very Rugged!
Small, stylish, excellent quailty of pictures, easy to use, very complete package
small size, easy to use for a amatuer
You'll take lots and lots of pictures.  Big-time "Wow" factor.
Size, picture color, zoom, photo display(very clear!), 2 hr. battery charge
Tiny, cute, good pictures!
&lt;B&gt;Small!&lt;/B&gt; And quick.  Good quality pictures.
Very compact, good pictures, good exposure under most circumstances
Tiny size, portability, excellent photos.
Small, lightweight, high resolution, additional memory cards available, no more photo developing costs.
Pros
It is a capable picture taking camera. 
Small, Rugged, Good Image Quality, High " Cool " Factor
Small, easy to use, great pictures
Tiny "take anywhere" convenience&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Beautiful photos
Very small, easy to use, great picture quality, fun little toy&amp;#9;
Extremely Portable&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great image quality to camera size ratio&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
small, easy to use, great quality
Great convenience and capability in a small, usable package.
solid build, elegant design, sharp pictures, very portable
Small size, stainless steel casing, usb computer connection, looks.
Ultimate camera for its size
Small size, easy to fit in pocket or purse. Takes great pictures!
Tiny, great optics
Small size, great photos.
Size, display works well in bright light, and ease of use.
Small, Price is right
Size, size, and Size.  Oh yeah, very easy to use and high quality
Small, 2.1 MP, Movie-mode, Decent Zoom
Smallest camera of it's type. Sleek durable design. High reliability
Small size. Great picture quality. Great quality overall. Small recharger &amp; included rechargable battery.
Small size, 2.1 megapixel image quality, video mode, CF media, controls, panoramic mode
Smallest Digicam going! Sexy, Well made, great output.
Small, Durable, Bright Display, Excellent Picture Quality, Easy to use, Overall very cool!
Size, Weight, Quality, PhotoStich S/W, &amp; Design. Did I mention size?
Excellent quality pictures, movie mode, size of a credit card, width of a quarter.
Convenient and portable, looks great, good feature set
Excellent picture quality. Ability to record live motion video w/audio.
Small size, great looks, quality pictures, zoom lens, movies, great features!
Very portable, accurate color, very well made, incredible!
Size, ergonomics, included software, picture quality
Compact, great picture quality, stylish
Perfect size, very good pics
Size, photo quality, sturdiness, movie feature, adequate resolution, black and white mode.
small size, excellent picture quality for a 2 megapixel camera, sturdy metal body
Good picture quality, easy to use, highly portable, rebate (through 1/31/02)
Lightweight, compact, easy to use, takes beautiful photos
Very portable, rugged, great "photo stitch" software.
Well made, Small size, picture quality, compact flash, battery life. 
size, size, size. and great clarity in the pictures. Love the metal case.
Size, features, pixels
Picture quality, Size, Durability
Compact, tough, sexy, very good image quality, and movies with sound &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
compact and cute, tons of features, good picture quality
SIZE! Picture Q, Image Stitch mode, speed
tiny (fits in my handbag!), great quality, range of options&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Size, Size, Size.  2.1 megapixels is all you need!!!
Size, metal case, Canon quality
TINY, TINY, TINY.  Huge improvements over the S100.  Great battery life
small, easy to use, astheticly pleasing, multi-functions
Easy to use, durable, great picture quality, few outside costs
Small, good quality pics
Light, stylish and versatile digital still. User friendly, with great Canon optics.
Small enough to carry in your pocket, good image quality, stylish
as small as the regular elph.
Size doesn't matter, so small and light! Easy to use.
Compact and easy to use
Inexpensive, great pictures, movie clips, small size.
Worked great for the first year, portable, good battery life.
Durable; compact; good, clean quality pics.
light, discreet, sleek design, has all basic features, easy to use, durable, decent zoom
Tiny! Metal case. Comes w/battery.
Extremely small, great pictures
Lightweight, fits in pocket, great user interface, great color
The ultimate shirt-pocket camera! Rugged stainless steel.
Very small; a little bigger than a credit card
Nice slick camera.  Novelty to anyone who sees it.  Lots of neat features.
Size, Size, &amp; Size, Great LCD Display, Features, Software, Battery Life
very compact, and lightweight!
Small, small, small. Easy to use. Durable.
Very small and light, excellent quality, affordable
Small, lightweight, durable, sleek, and fun to use.
Small, Pocket-sized, Attractive appearance, many accessories
small size
 Very sharp lens and chip Compact Excellent software  
CF Type I/II slot, timer, continuous shooting.
Cheap, sturdy looking and small camera
Easy to use, comes with all accessories to get started, high quality pictures.
Excellent quality. Good settings/functions for the common user.
Supports Microdrive
Great resolution
Compact, high-resolution, easy to use
easy to use, small size, great picture quality
Very crisp photos...
Small for a 3.3Mpel camera&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
3.3 Megapixel resolution, size, price, picture quality.  Uses standard media.
INCREDIBLY sharp pictures, 3.34 megapixels, less CCD noise than its predecessors, small size, fast transfers, solid construction.
how this think works
Great size, very intuitive, good zoom
Small, Microdrive capable, sharp pictures
3.1 megapixels, small size
USB, 3 megapixels, slot for 340mb drive
Normal layout, easy to use, 2 battery types
Size, easy to use, many features
Great pictures
Could be used as a weapon in the battle of good vs evil
- 3.3 megapixel resolution - Excellent image quality - Accurate auto-light adjustment
Quality, size, fully auto but allows total control
Save a couple dollars (at best)
great picture quality, awesom features!!!!
- 3.3 megapixels resolution, Excellent image quality, Accurate auto-light adjustment.
light, small, good quality, high capacity, compression
Compact size, custom features
Great size and pictures, intuitive interface and software
Small size, picture quality
Compact, Lightweight, Easy to Use, IBM Microdrive Compatible
optical zoom,The battery life is good,picture quality
Great Pictures, Small
Small size, improved functions, stainless steel body, options!, and more
Even more spiffy features!&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
small, takes great pictures, solid construction, great price
Size, Ease of Use, Movie Mode, Versatile Features, Photo Stitch Software for Making Panoramas
small, great pictures, manual controls
Small size, light weight, bright LCD and manual features.  1 year warranty.
Super small, stainless steel body and simple menu functions.
Small size
Great Pictures, good price, good size, metal case, compact flash
Sleek body, compact size, Improves on the original!!
Improved control layout, ultra compact, limited manual capability, photo effects mode&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Small, lightweight, big capacity, simple to use
Small, fast shutter, lots of great features... did i say small?
Small size and great features.
Size,image quality, usability, design
Small size, easy to use, cool looking
Takes great pictures, is very convenient, and even takes video clips with sound.
Small, Metal
Small size, high quality photos, ease of use, sleek look.
It is small, takes great photos, durable, excellent value for the price.
Small, Portable, rechargeable, stylish
tiny, sturdy, sharp looking
Size and portability, it also has an excellent battery life.
Small, VERY durable, Great pictures, Lots of manual overrides
Great compared with others like it.
Jewel-like beauty will impress you and your friends.  You can take it anywhere.
Small, light, durable
Great feel, easy to operate, 12 second video capture mode, good battery life.
durable and stylish enough for techy college scene
Ultra small, but very ergonomic camera
Takes great outdoor photos in good light, easy to carry, easy auto operation.
Very small
We ask you, and you said that we have to try 
Portable, durable, all metal case, good feature set
Compact, Easy to use, Canon
Styling, compact size
Small Metal body. Low price. Good picture quality.
Small, feels solid, takes good pictures, and hey, lets admit it, it just looks cool.
Compact size, quality build, decent photo quality, CF card capable
Small, great photos, easy to use.
Great pictures, good focus, small size, compact, durable
SMALL SIZE, good battery life, ease of use.
stylish, small, tons of feature
Small size, great picture quality
The size is really small it fits into my pocket were ever i go.
small, lightweight, easy to use
compact and sturdy, nice sharp pictures
Small, durable, relatively inexpensive
Very small.  Additional functionality to the S100 &amp; S110.  Auto Rotate
fair price, many options, zoom, easy to use
 It is light-weight, small, takes great photos, and has a great viewing screen.
Nice small size, point and shoot ease, lots of extra features, slick looking camera.
zoom, size, ease of use
Extremely durable, looks fantastic, ultra compact and takes great pictures
Metal case (durable), more than adequate resolution, long battery life, light weight
Size, 3.2mp, W/B Histogram, Ease of Use
Small size, 3.2 megapixel, metal frame, good coolness ratio, excellent photos, proven performer.
Small Size, 3.2 MegaPixels!, metal body, minor tweaks from S200
3.2 Megapixels, ultra compact, Improved Control Layout, tough metal body, 
Very Compact, excellent picture quality, extended movie time over S200
Compact, Lightweight, Takes great photos in daylight
Smallest 3MP camera on the market; loaded with features; great picture quality!
Good image &amp; color replication, 3.2 Megapixels, Small size, Up to 15sec. exposure times,
The size of a cigarette box, Quality of Picture
Size, ease of use.
Small,Easy to use
Small size, movie mode, great auto-focus, 3.2 megapixels
excellent movie capture, compact, great pictures, easy to use, great lcd display
Small, Good quality build, Great CCD !Worth the buy !
Small size, easy to use, great pictures, battery charger, stylish
Compact, Lightweight, and Feature-Filled.
Small size, ease of use, features, rechargeable battery
Looks, speed, features, capabilities
Small, portable, great quality pics, easy to use
Great Picture Quality, 3.2 MegaPixels, Real small.  Fits anywhere.
- Small, lightweight, - Great battery, quick recharge, 
Small elph size.  Fine photos.  Easy to use.  Many, many options.
Small, compact size; takes great pictures; Canon quality; good flash; sleek design
Excellent Picture Quality - Small Size
Small, Easy to use, takes great pictures!  Battery charging is easy
Easy to use
design, photo quality
Size-Super Small, 3.2 Mpix, Picture quality,ease of use
Compact Size, light, 3.2 for prints up to 8*10,movie clips as clear as my camcorder!
Excellent functionality/features, very good image quality
Compact size and extremely easy to use.
compact, sturdy feel, small battery and charger, quick downloads
compact, sleek design
Truly compact, 3.2 MP, Excellent video capture, Solid construction
Takes up to 3 minute Movies! Manual functions, small &amp; elegant, fast
Small Size, 3.2 megapixels, Metal body, AiAF focus system, CF memory, user friendly.
Size, Picture Quality, Looks and Style
Can keep in pocket.  Takes great pictures.
Size (Small as a pack of cigs), 3.2 mpix, metal body.  
Very good build quality and feel. Relatively easy-to-use and robust.
Unbelieveably small and compact, yet a great camera.
Small, Tough, Power Efficient, Not Complicated, quality images., 
Small and compact, the proof is in the pictures
Excellent_picture_quality, Functionally diverse, Compact metal case, Retracting_lens with_built-in lens-cover, light_weight and_very_small, photo-stitch, Lithium_Ion battery, Uncompressed_format
Great camera. Compact.Compatible with high standard flash cards. Great Shooting modes and zoom. 
3 MegaPixels, Small Size, Solid Construction, Excellent Photo Taking, Price
Nice pictures, nice looking camera
size, picture quality, software, options, zoom, flash, 3 megaPixels
Compact size, low price, image quality, excellent metering.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
easy to use, lots of features, pocket sized, quality pictures.
stylish, cool sound effects, and small, clear crisp pictures
Compact, Feature laden, Great Zoom for size and reasonable price.
Great Pictures, great battery, easy to recharge, user friendly program, can be carried anywhere. 
Full Featured&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Fits in pocket&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great pictures
Size, Image Quality, Manual and Automatic Controls
Small, durable, attractive, easy to use, great pics
Small, easy to use, movie shooting mode, 3x optical zoom, multiple shooting modes, high resolution
Size, Quality, Looks, Price, Battery.
picture clarity, ease of use, versatility, decent movie mode
Excellent all-around design, fully featured, pretty fast startup for a digicam, pretty fast shoot times
Excellent pictures and functionality, built tough
Size, quality and ease of use.
Compact, great first digital camera. Many extra features. Reasonable price.
Clean, sharp images, full featured, compact design, image portability
Great size, excellent feature set, easy to use
Feature set, photo quality, smooth operation
Easy to select pre-selected pictures modes, large view finder
Small, easy to use, takes great pictures!!
TONS of features, incredible picture quality, good battery life
Quality photos, great feature set, great P&amp;S results, solid feel.
Intuitive, easy to use, excellent value
battery life, photo quality, features, form factor
Feature-packed for price.  Great resolution.  Compact form.  Looks Good.
Great pictures, oots of possibilities
great image quality, easy to navigate controls, very robust
Size, quality, flexibility
Small camera that can fit in your pocket, but not so small.
Great picture quality.  Nice manual control features.
Does anything you expect a mid ranged camera to do.  Complete manual controls. Rugged. 
Great with the underwater housing for snorkeling! Super camera! Lots of things to learn!
small size, tough case, great shots, fun add-ons
I'll let you know.
A jewel.  Affordable excellence.
Compact, great pictures, value
It is multi-functional, nice-looking, powerful for an average user's needs
Image quality, features.
VERY COMPACT, GOOD QUALITY PICTURE, BATTERY LASTS FOR MANNY SHOTS
Takes high quality pictures. Great Black &amp; Whites and Sepia Tone pictures too!
Nice design, all metal casing
Compact, nice design, lots of options, good manual options, high quality pictures, easy but powerful
Ultimate Camera For Anywhere, Anytime, 
Great Pictures, Easy to Use, Compact
Nice and small.  Very easy to use. Rechargable battery. 
Compact, sturdy, versatile, good interface.
Easy to use , LCD is sharp and clear
Great interface, many features, easy learning curve.
Rugged, compact case.  Great optics, manual controls
Excellent Optics, Easy to use, very powerful, compact.
Excellent pictures, compact, stainless steel, stitch function, compact flash, takes quicktime movies
small and metal&amp;#13;&amp;#10;small and metal&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;hey, did I mention small and metal ?
Small, great Pictures, 3x zoom, Movies and Audio.
Small, Great (OUTSIDE) Pictures, 3x zoom, Movies and Audio.
Small, full-featured, great image quality, great price
Small, full-featured, great image quality, great price
smart camera for family photos or fun, friendly photos
Small, Lighweight, Generally good photo's, decent zoom
Nice, small, and easy to carry around!
Ultra-compact, very fast, durable, excellent photo quality
Sleek STEEL body, Great picture quality, nice design.
Small and durable; Takes Great Photos; 3x Optical Zoom; Easy to Use; Rechargable Battery
small size, light weight, easy to use, shoots short movie clips, lcd screen, rechargeable battery
Visual feedback, 1-button access to features, easy review, sound
Small enough to take everywhere, Easy to upload to any platform. 
Small Well built
Makes excellent 4 x 6 prints; has small size and solid, stylish design.
Excellent craftsmanship, easy to use, brilliant pictures, fast USB, expandable
Great shots, compact size, easy to manipulate
Tiny, feature rich, excellent 3X zoom, cool &amp; stylish
Great design, good picture quality, nice little zoom.
Picture quality, small size, good looks
Small, good photo quality, movie mode with sound, good software bundle 
Extremely small size, fast start up time, ease of use, USB interface
Tiny, good pictures
Small, quick and easy to shoot
Ultra-compact, very fast, durable, excellent photo quality
Size, built, image quality
Small size, good battery life, takes video clips
Very good photos, takes movie clips, rechargeable battery.
Optical quality, size, software, Picture quality
small, light weight, quick, excellent build quality, takes great pictures, can shoot movie clips
Small, almost total steel body, 3x optical, 2.1 megapixel, CF storage, USB connectivity, Lith-Ion battery
small, light weight, very easy to use
Small, small, small.  Excellent quality pics, easy to use, good software.  Did I say small?
Compact Size, Metal Body. 3X Optical Zoom, CF Memory.
size, photo quality, and flash card storage
compact, gorgeous, easy to use, tons of options
Small size, 2 MegaPixel, 3x Optical, stainless steel body, Lotta Features, more
Small, optical viewfinder, good image quality
Small, lots of features, good pictures
Tough construction, small size, lens quality, pleasing design
Good quality images with the excellent color that I've come to expect from Canon products
Small, Light, EASY to use, easy to download pictures. Great quality pictures!!
Compact size, very durable, excellent picture quality, user friendly interface
This camera is very easy to use, while the quality is high.
Compact size, Durable case, Many Features, Easy to Use
Small Size, Easy to Use, Good Picture
great photos, easy to use
This camera gives nice 5x7 pictures.
Quite small.  Good color for pictures
small, great picture quality, movie mode.
Small size, build quality and too many other things to list.  
Compact and portable, takes vivid and brilliant color photographs
Wonderful zoom, great display, small body but large enough to hold comfortably.
Great pics,small,features, sound movie, stitch, screen 
Solid construction, good image quality, clear lcd screen, intuitive menu system
Compact, light weight, bright LCD,ease of use, support microdrive
4 MegaPixels, Small Size, Solid Construction, Good Color Saturation
Battery life, excellent metering system, compact size
Compact size, low price, image quality, excellent metering.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Small, well designed, good lens &amp; affordable
Easy to use, good image quality, small size, very nice design
Compact size, Excellent Picture Quality, Great Features
Amazing images, easy to use, compact size, mini-movie capability.
Small size, great resolution, great color, very portable. Both manual and auto modes.
Bright screen, light weight, intuitive to use
very nice image, attractive, good ergonomics,  
Very small for its performance, and durability. Very accurate and sharp pictures.
Small. Great pictures. Proud owner
Sleek design, great features, compact
Relatively small, lens cover, low lag time between photos
All Metal body, Small and lightweight.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;4.0 megapixels
Compact, High Quality pictures, and many shooting modes and options.
Very good quality of the images, Many features. Very rigid.
Overall styling of camera, quality of images, convenience
Picture Quality, Continuous Shooting, Customizability, Pretty Good Video with Good Sound, 
4 MegaPixel, 3x Zoom, FUNC button, compact size, faster start up!
Ultra-Compact Size, 4 megapixels, 3x Optical Zoom, Mode Dial &amp; FUNC button  
Small camera with the smallest underwater housing
small, 4 meg
Compact, rugged, high-quality images
resolution, tonal balance, 4 megapixels, 3X zoom, internal processing controls, excellent build quality
great zoom feature, megapixels improved, compact
Very small size, nice finish, anti-glare screen, easy - just point-and-shoot
size, power, functions, ease of use
Small, solid, well designed, 4mp, 3x zoom, excellent low-light, great pictures!
Size, 4Mp, easy to use features, fast on time, fast shutter response
sharp pictures, great prints, easy to use, compact size
Small size, very attractive, durable construction, 4 megapixels, 3x zoom.
superb picture quality at 4.0 megapixels, easy to use, small and stylish
Small, Light, 4.0 MP, Prints Great Pictures, Good Red Eye reduction, 3X Zoom, , , 
A great camera overeall
Great image quality, pocketability, canon quality
small, compact, fast start, great pictures, metal body, great LCD
Small, lightweight, strong construction
Size, Images
Very portable &amp; durable, excellent image quality
Size, Durability, Color replication is superb for price, few relics, MPEG movies great, 3x optical
Compact and small, perfect to carry around in a pocket, great pictures, 
small and lightweight, takes good pictures in right conditions
Great daily camera.  It goes almost anywhere and takes great photos
Light and compact, 4 Megapixels, great picture quality, good software
Costco's add ons (extra batterie and leather case); UNCONDITIONAL MONEY BACK GUARANTEE WITHOUT TIME CONSTRAINT
Small, 4 megapixels, sleek looking, no delay to snap a picture, idiot proof
Small, Fantastic Pictures, Bright LCD, Easy to use!
Compact size, 4 megapixel images, and A great feature set
Great combination of features from Canon Powershot S230 and G3
4 Megapixels. Movie mode. Great pictures!
Excellent photos, Easy to use, Long battery life, Quick
Small size, great pictures, semi-pro features.
Great quality photo's, easy to use for a novice and robust case.
Lightweight, Metal Case, Good Picture Resolution, Features
Compact size , good quality LCD Display , 4 Megapixel , All professional features
compact size, all metal case, fast focus
Excellent pictures, plenty of creative controls and very beginner-friendly too
Compact, great picture quality, lots of options, raw format available
Tons of cool features.  Pocket-sized and stylish.  Great for photography novices or enthusiasts.
Small, feels good in hand, great picture quality, custom controllable shutter speed and aperture
Compact size, 5 megapixel resolution, ease of use, and lots of creative photography options, 
High Quality 5MP Pictures, Solid Body &amp; Easy Controls
Great picture quality, easy user interface on camera
Feature rich
The Size gave the neatness of a camera
5 MegaPixels, Compact design, Good number of features
Superb image quality, good focusing system, versatile manual controls, small size, quality construction.
5 MP, manual features, construction, quality pictures, software interface, quick charger.
Compact size, 5 megapixels,quick charger
solid,build quality,ease to use,great picture quality
canon quality, 5MP resolution, essentially a shrunk g5
High resolution, rugged and fairly compact metal body, advanced features
Compact Size, Beautiful color, sleek design, 5MP resolution. 
Solid all metal compact body; Quality Canon lens; Easy to use.
quality, enlargeable images; sturdy; macro capability
Black finish, image quality, 5 megapixels.
Sharp images, excellent color and contrast. Intuitive interface.
Fast, quality text and photos, easy setup, terrific price
Good price.  Text/color print is very good and fast.
Great Price and look
Amazing price! Great performance!
compact for small spaces, easy to use, 
Great price, good quality print in text and photo using gloss photo paper.
Low price for the printer and ink tanks, small size, print speed and quality
price, print quality
Fast Print Speed, Good Black and white Color, cheap ink tanks.
Prints excellent photo quality, compact, easy use and maintenance, USB
excellent price, efficient ink usage, quick, decent resolution, crisp text and beautiful photos
Non
It's cute, prints great pictures...ink is cheap
Low price, ease of installation and use, excellent text output and good color output
quality of text+photos and PRICE of ink!!!
Prints fast and looks nice. Reasonably priced ink cartridges.
Cheap, Fast Printing, Cheap Maintenance, fast USB!
Easy set up, decent speed, prints quietly 
Stunning text and graphics quality, very fast, cheap to buy, cheap to run
Great quality,low cost,fast printing
Easy set up&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Clear instructions&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Mac &amp; PC compatible including OSX
Print Speed, Software, Print Quality,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Price, Individual Ink Tanks. 
Quiet &amp; quick; versatile
Good print quality and speed for home use.
Colour fidelity and resolution
Good value, individual ink cartridges, easy to use, fast printing
Cheap.
Excellent Print quality, low cost, great inking system, sturdy, well built, looks great.
Quality printing,easy to use,affordable ink
4 separate ink cartridges
Good Quality Print, Inexpensive Purchase Price, Inexpensive Ink Cartridges
Inexpensive ink. Fast with text.
silent and quick for a personal use
Noise level is very tolerable, accepts printer cable or USB. Colors are high quality.
great photo quality and quick printing
Attractive printer, easy to use.
Able to change individual Ink Supplies.
Uses very little ink so cartridges last, self-cleaning printer head, easy set up.
Fast, good quality, cheap ink tanks
Speed, Quality, noise Level
Excellent Print Quality.
Outstanding print quality and speed.
Easy to set up, fast printing, easy ink tanks...everything!
Blazingly fast.
Color quality is great, inexpensive, smart ink system!
It's unbelievably fast, quiet and simple to set up.
Easy to use, fast printing, good quality photos, ink tank system, software
none
Excellent printing quality when it works, Fast and Very Quiet
ink doesn't dry up in printer, quiet, great quality, great price
Fast... BLAZING FAST!  Quick and error free 10 minute installation.
Fast, easy to install, good text and photo output
stunning colors, black hole text, easy setup,individual inktanks.
Fastest general purpose inkjet around. Excellent output quality.
Setup was a snap. Very fast and quiet printing. Great photos. Save on ink cartridges
Fast, surprisingly good photo printing, quiet
It's a Canon, great print quality, separate ink replacement tanks, easy to set up
Astonishingly crisp text. Blindingly fast. Thankfully quiet. Inexpensive individual color ink tanks. Solid
Truly excels at text and photo printing. Easily networked. Great software.
This things flies!  Flawless text!  
Crisp text, dazzling photos, high speed
Fast, Cheap with Beautiful Color
Inexpensive, high resolution, 4 cartridge system saves money, fast printer, high quality
Fast printing, reasonable quality, moderate ink costs
Multiple Ink Tanks., Low Price., Boarderless Printing.
easy installation, prints FAST, excellent B&amp;W and color quality
Speed, Quality, Separate Ink Tanks
Quiet, fast, nice print quality
easy set-up, mac compatible, great color quality on regular paper, smooth paper handling
Fastest quality printer that I've seen.  Good picture quality.
Suprisingly quick; borderless printing
separate ink cartridges
Beautiful photo prints... great color matching. Fast!
Thrifty operation, excellent photo printing, reasonably fast, works with Mac OS X and OS 9
High quality photos. Seperate ink tanks. Fast output. Quick drying ink.
Excellent color and B&amp;W 8" X 10" prints
Easy setup, Great price, Separate cartridges, USB or Parallel , Very fast prints, Great photo prints
Inexpensive,Thrifty with ink,Fantastic Photos
high quality, individual ink tanks, easy to use
Cheaper than the S820D, excellent photo prints, decent text printing
Borderless 4x6 and 8.5x11&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Individual ink tanks&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Six color system&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Small 4 Picoliter drops&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Outstanding photo printouts, speedy on photo prints, economical consumables
Photo Quality rivals traditional prints, Super fast output, Six Ink tanks, Stylish looks
Absolutely STUNNING photo prints.  
Quality - Speed - Ink Cost - Color
Fantastic Photo Output, Very Quiet, Nice Software Bundle
Outstanding color photos, impressively fast print, excellent technical support.
Awesome color prints on Canon specialty paper, individually replaceable color cartridges.
Great quality photos, very fast!,easy hookup.
Excellent photo quality, speed.
Great quality photos, relatively quiet, fast
Excellent photo quality on glossy photo paper, seperate ink color cartridges
Beautiful casing, extremely fast printing
Super Fast Incredible Print Quality
Sharp appearance, Lab quality color, Fast printing, Individual ink tanks
great photo output, professional brochures, individual ink cartridges, tells you when a cartridge runs out
Vivid pictures and photographic prints
Brillian color. Extremely fast.
Big Beautiful Prints. Super Speedy. Six Ink Tanks. Replaceable Print Head. Up to 13x19 prints.
It prints beautiful 13 x 19 inch photos!
Fast, High Quality, and Very Modular
Good print quality, consistent output, FAST, FAST, FAST.
Large format picture perfect prints. Super fast.
Fast, large high-quality prints, easy to install on a Mac system
excellent quality, speedy prints
unbelieveable quality on canon paper, super fast,excellent tonal range
Unbelievable speed. Stunning colour. Ease of set-up
dazzling 13x19 prints, very very fast
Outstanding
perfect prints! Fast printing
When it printed, that is when it did, graphics were just the greatest.  
 It comes out fast and even.
Beautiful prints, very fast.
Beautiful prints right out of the box. Easy to set up and connect. 
Excellent quality prints
Prints are beautiful with Canon Photo Paper Pro.
great printer, excellent results
The best there is at his time
Photo quality prints; big 13x19" enlargements; seperate ink cartridges.
Small size, good pictures. MP3 Player
Perfect conversation starter, great viewscreen, easy to use, lightweight, Cool Factor, 12MB native memory, Movies!
In the shop it looked good and worked well.
easy to use. tiny. audio recorder, MP3 player, camera, and movie recorder in one device.
small marvel, makes you forget all you know about photography
VERY CLEAR SHOTS
ultra compact size, full features, bright display, easy to use menus, mp3 player
Well constructed. Very small and lightweight. Very crisp LCD display. 
Super small, bright LCD display, 2.0 megapixels, flash, solid construction, 
Size, Picture Quality
Tiny size, fast startup, it just feels right.
Size, ease of use, powers up quickly.
tiny size, incredible loading/saving speed, "roomy" built-in memory.
Size, size, size! Performance.
Puny! Good quality, decent features, and inexpensive.
slimmest 2MP camera in the world, minimal shutter lag, output excellent for Web
Good picture quality.  Tiny size.  Many features.
EVERYTHING!
Tiny,Flash(many cardcams lack one),2mb,docking station that charges and uploads via usb(nice looking too!)
Incredibly small. LCD is very sharp.
Perfect physical size and user interface.
Almost everything
Tiny and lightweight but good build quality. Easy to use, fast startup, very clear LCD.
compact, light, optical &amp; digital zoom, expandable, crisp 2" LCD
Size,ease of use,functionality
super light, quick start up, long battery life, sturdy casing
Small. Excellent photo quality. Huge LCD screen. Chicks dig it! 
Size! Obviously. This camera went everywhere I went and no one noticed.
Small, Lite, simple to use and Very Sheik
small size!, convenient and easy usability, reasonable solid performance
Easy to carry - I always have it with me.
Size is definitely good
Small, eye catching, convenient, built in memory
Ultra-compact, solid built metal body, big LCD, great picture quality
small, lightweight, user friendly, quality pictures, versatile, long-lasting battery
Superb quality. See my full review for more details.
Small Size, Easy to use
Easily concealable, high geek factor, HUGE LCD display, quite user friendly menus
Its small, lightweight, and fast
Tiny, full featured, good resolution, large LCD screen
Ultra-compact size,, 3x zoom,, Nice solid design,, 2" screen
high quality, easy to use, fast and portable, takes great pictures; tons of fun!
Small Form Factor, Metal Case, 2" Screen, Pentax Lens
Very light, excellent macro,excellent portrait with scenery background, easy to use
- Size, - Looks, - Largest LCD display ever seen, - Image quality, - Portability
Small, optical zoom, easy to use
Ease of use, Large LCD Screen, Good Optical Zoom for size
small size, big 2" LCD, macro distance, preset zoom increments, low shutter lag, manual focus
Great for travel.  Fast shutter release!  
Easy to use, lightweight, portable, output to PC &amp; TV, more options
software is pretty good
Good starter camera, low price
easy to use
multiposition camera lens
Rotating &amp;quot;eye&amp;quot;, Lightweight
Great for Tripod shots of items to auction off
Too many see review
Cheap, simple.
Lots of photos, easy to use, cheap!
Compact Size and Weight, Easy To Use, User Friendly Software
cheap
Well Built, Easy to use, Good Software.
Exceptionally easy to use.
never used it don't know
Holds 90+ images, Compatible with PC and Mac formats
price
Find them onsale, cheep, decent
96 image storage capacity, nearly pocket sized
96 images, file/image size, swivel lens, price &amp;amp; ease of use
perfect size for uploading to the web; holds the equivalent of 4 rolls of film;good quality pictures
easy to use
Good close up photography
Good pictures
Great Price, Easy to Use
Easy to use.
Easy to use, high image capacity
Fully featured, very good all-around performance, Canon lens
Great picture quality, great features for price, USB, easy to use
DIGITAL
Good resolution, fast shoot speed, view finder, USB, good panoramic shoot function
high resolution, zoom feature on preview screen, movie function, fast USB transfer, fancy menu/user interface, manual functions (night mode), and the image transfer that automatically sorts the pictures in a web page format by date thus saving a lot of tim
Amazing pics, great panorama, movie mode is cool, CompactFlash type 2 support, easy to use, great display, USB, 3x optical 2x digital zoom
Top quality pictures, ease of use, great choice of modes and individual control.
good features, great pics
Nice features set, nice looking Pictures
Cost-per-pixel, AVI capability, MicroDrive ready
This camera is a great high quality camera, takes EXCELLENT pictures
great camera
Excellent pictures, easy-to-use interface, fast USB download
Continuous advance; Color, B&amp;amp;W, and Sepiatone modes; will take 400 images @ 1600x1200 with Microdrive
it is a digital camera, with lcd display and many cool options
Ease of use. IBM microdrive support Instant gratification Capable of good quality pictures 
A lot of features for a small price tag.
Cheap, great image quality, easy file transfer to PC
Price, Storage capacity, Color accuracy, Flexibility
Lots of Storage!
Great image results; many options; lots of storage
Inexpensive, picture quality good
Quality Canon lens, great pictures, quality build and feel.
Pictures are CLEAR and colors are quite VIBRANT! Awesome camera!!
Excellent picture quality, feels like a real camera, unlike some digitals.  3.34  megapixels non-interlaced.
IBM microdrive compatibility,standard form factor, high res
Resolution, image quality, convenient software to download images
340 Meg IBM Microdrive
Excellent lens, CFII c Microdrive, Photo quality
Features, price, relative ease of use.  
Good digital pictures that are easy to download through a USB connection.
Great images, flexibility from full automation to manual control, good menu system
Microdrive is great, large number of pixels, and normal feel to the camera
Great pictures, lots of storage.
2x digital,3x optical,IBM 340meg micro-drive, 1.8&amp;quot; TFT display
Microdrive
340 mb microdrive for extra storage
Microdrive, picture quality, ease of use
Storage Capacity, 3.34 Mpixels, easy to use, nice lens, FUN
Good resolution and software, 3:1 optical zoom
Large capacity microdrive
Tons of memory for taking photos, decent software package, fast downloads
Microdrive with 340 MB of storage, easy menu set ups,excellent night shot feature.
Microdrive, Picture Quality
Picture quality;ease of use; features; viewing options; accurate colors 
Fun &amp; funky little camera, awesome extra features
small, handy, decent quality pics
economical, good close ups
Nice price and easy to use
it does it's job, it's small
Instant pictures, Easy to use, and picture upload time is quick
Aesthetically-pleasing camera
takes pictures
Great image quality, software easy to use
Many features, easy to use, takes great pics. 8x Optical zoom : 32 digital
270 degree swivel lens, LCD display, various camera modes
8x optical zoom, Rotatable lens, Large LCD screen
Super 8X optical, 4X digital zoom lens. Movie feature. Manual or automatic exposure control.
Many features, Large LCD display
light weight, multi-options, great lens
High-quality pictures, convenience, fun!
I got to spend more time with my parents when  it made me poor
Full feature set, easy to use, value.
8X zoom, exposure control, quality, ease of use, battery life
Great zoom capability
Decent pictures
easy to use, very much features, 32 digital zoom
Awesome camera!  8x optical zoom, .avi capability, swivel lens and MORE!
Good pictures,considering the size and resoloution
You have it with you all the time  little 120X120 pixel pics are clear
Ease of use, IR capability
it's a small two-in-one package
Portability can't be beat
Just plain COOL
Unique;add photos to contact numbers; waterproof
take a picture of anything at whim; people are always surprised at the image quality when you show them the watch display; stores 100 pix on board, and beams to palm and desktop
endless fun for the spy mentality
Camera works, even in dim light; easy-to-read LCD screen; many watch functions
Picture quality less than film-perfect.  Remember, though-it's a WATCH, for goodness sake.
Light weight, Very maneuverable, Very Attractive, Adjustable, Easy to clean, Accessory extras, Price.
Lightweight, easy to steer, and sturdy. Inexpensive while big on style!
Stylish, maneuverable, lightweight.  Easy to store
so many extras !
Very lightweight, easy to carry with strap, highly portable
Lightweight, carrying case, shoulder strap for carrying, reclining seat, rain shield
reclines folds easily lightweight sturdy comfortable BEATS THE VOLO!
durable, easily packable, maneuverable, adaptable, lightweight, inexpensive.
Very Stylish, lightwieght, and compact.
Lightweight, compact, and reliable.
Light weight, flight attendants are impressed with its ease of use 
A+ for stylish. Amazingly lightweight. Shoulder strap is perfect.
Extremely light-weight
Light weight, easy opening/ closing.
Lightweight and compact.
Lightweight and nice design
lightweight, reasonably priced, highly manouverable,folds easily,my baby loves it
Very light, shoulder strap for carrying, the bar detaches for toddlers, easy to fold/unfold
Great traveling stroller, good for city use, hold up well over time
Lightweight and compact
light, great maneuvering, cleans
Super light, quick 'n' easy fold/unfold, neat canopy pocket, removable front bumper.
light, comfortable, easy to drive
Lightweight, easy to fold, store, use, carry.  Great for travel
Combi is the best in its class.
light weight,and priced right
lightweight practical
Light weight = high speed!
lightweight, easy to carry and fold
A dream to drive, light, compact, quality all the way
light, beautiful
Lightweight, easy opening, travels great
folds up small{10 inches wide!},light{7.7lbs}sturdy,several patterns
Lightweight, easy to fold, easy maneuver
Weighs less than the average newborn; Folds easily
Compact, lightweight, and extremely cool
Lightweight, durable
lightweight, good for travel
Lightweight, very compact, has most of the features of a full size stroller
light, compact, easy to fold, great for travel
Lightweight, durable
portable, lightweight, maneuvers like a dream, a cinch to fold
folds up and opens very easily, is very light
lightweight, compact, attractive, large canopy, easy to maneuver
lightweight
lightweight and easy to use
lightweight, attractive
Light weight with the comfort of the full-size stroller
Light, easy-to-use, stylish
super lightweight, folds up small, maneuvers in small places
lightweight;drives smoothly; attractive design
Lightweight, compact, folds up small, looks cool
Only stroller that fits in ALL overhead bins; very light&amp;#9;&amp;#9;
light, folds small, easy to steer, comfortable
folds very small; very lightweight; seat back easily adjustable
light weight, very compact
Folds up Compactly, Lightweight
Super light and compact.  Can be pushed when folded.
small and lightweight
lightweight, easy to fold up to fit in small places, great for travel
Very light and narrow.  Extremely easy to get through narrow aisles.
&lt;b&gt;Lightweight&lt;/b&gt; ~ 12 pounds!
Size, weight, coolness
Lightweight stroller that easily folds for compact storage
Lightweight and very compact when folded.
Very lightweight and compact, comfortable, turns easily even when heavy.  
LIGHT!!  Folds up and STANDS!! Combi attention to detail!
Light, folds up small!
weight, folding mechanism, cupholders
Compact, easy to open and close, great for on the go parents
compact, double fold, nylon fabric
Narrow enough to fit through doors
lightweight, peek through window
Steers well, lightweight, easy to use, fits through doors
Lightweight, easy to set up and fold down.
On paper, this could be a great stroller.
Folds compact,stands upright,lightweight,contemporary black licorice color
Lightweight/compact, full recline, ease of fold/unfold and attractive
accomodate infant seat, compact and light weight.
lightweight, folds easily with one hand, steers well
light weight, easy to use, can be used with car seat
Lightweight, easy to use, one handed steering
The only stroller you will ever need! 
Lightweight,compact, carry strap, cup/bottle holders, receives car seat, speaker system, maneuvers easily, expandable hood
lightweight
Lightweight, Music-wired, Compatible with infant carriers, Fully reclining, stylish, ON SALE:babyage.com 
steers easily with one hand, light weight
lightweight, compact, easy to steer, convenient
lightweight, easy to fold
Stylish and lightweight, easy to use with infant carriers
Very Lighweight, Sturdy, Folds up small
Easy and smooth 3 position recline.  Plush fabric. Very lightweight and easy fold. Good maneuverability.
Good if you are rich
light, compact, many features
lightweight, small, great for travel
Easy to transport, good overall quality
Lightweight
Small, compact, easy to use
full recline in a lightweight (10 lbs) stroller, perfect match system, one-hand fold
Very lightweight, easy to fold, attractive.
It prints.
It works, it was free
Compact
It "looks" cute, Simplistic design, reasonable price tag.
Easy set up and use.
Good quality
Great Ink Jet Printer For Basic Computer Users
Cheap
Quality of printing
Cheap and Small
a little cheap
Price
quality
Costs very little; mine was $60 when new 2 years ago!
Not a one.
Prints on virtually any media, great quality prints.
Does a good job printing
Great for printing paragraphs or letters
Easy to use
decent printer
great color and fast printing
Great price
Good for the home users, entry-level unit, inexpensive.
Inexpensive, practical, easy to use
cheap, easy to use
Nice and Neat
The black and white printing
Price,Speed,Print quality
Big dpi , good price, doesn't take up much room.
Cheap, Easy to use, Good cartoon quality, cute!
Low cost, easy set up
petite, practical, picture quality
Great at the price
Not ONE!
It was free
easy to set up, good for small printing jobs
physical changing of cartridge is easy
colored ink, cartridge easy to replace
Came with the computer. Good for basic, minimal printing.
Incredibly fast black &amp; white printing.  VERY cheap for what you get.
Good inexpensive printer. Nice prints. Easy on ink.
Easy to use and install cartridges.
Worked for a while
it has lexmark technology
Incredibly fast black &amp; white printing.  VERY cheap for what you get.
the printing is a very clear..
Great printer, great price, easier fit for a crowded desk area
Excellent photo copies
Great quality, text and picture
Fast, Good Black Quality
small, easy-to-use, comes with color and ink cartridges free
uses the lexmark print driver and produces an acceptable photo output
Very inexpensive, high quality printing.  Easy to use.
Very fast black &amp; white as well as color copies, very easy to use
Very affordable printer
Free with PC purchase
Small size, great print quality, uses dual cartridges, easy install
Familiar software interface
Inexpensive, free you buy a packaged deal with a Compaq computer, dual cartridge system.
affordable, efficient, FAST!
quality printouts, dependable
Good quality printing
Color quality
Great printer
Does everything I need it to do.
great quality
decent price, decent pictures
The Software, When There Is Ink It Actually Will Print, Doesn't Take Up Much Space
FAST,CLEAR
It works
quality, speed
fast, sharp printing
Good quality at a good price!
inexpensive
none
Good Quality
Fast, reliable, good print quality
Everything
Package deals make it more affordable.
it works
cheap, Compaq does honor the warranties
excellent choice for creating rough drafts.  It produces quick.
Good quality print, Compaq support was great (once they were on the phone line).
Excellent design to this camera
Small size, microscreen in viewfinder, 3x optical zoom
Cheap, 3X optical zoom, reasonable quality, small and cute
Small, 3x optical zoom, intuitive controls.
It is a very small and handy camera 
Walmart price of $60; USB connection; easy to use.
Beautiful design quality.
Sleek design and ease of use.
built in memory, low price, zoom
Price, lots of pictures.
Cheap. Light. Small. Macro. Big memory. Good battery life.
Inexpensive, connection via USB port, works as a webcam
Size, Weight, Picture Quality, Memory Size, USB connection
Functions very well as a webcam, good storage capacity
Very small; cheap; fast; easy to use; stores 100+ photos; usb; long battery life
*Small Portable digital camera, *Good cam for first use , *Very easy to install
USB, 8MB Flash, Video recording, timer.
price and 8 megs of memory
inexpensive, lightweight, video recording capable, 8 Megs, 500 Photos or 4.5 mins
cheap, dual mode (digital camera &amp; webcam), mgi software included
compact, nice looking, flash, good quality pics during day light, 8 mb memory
price, small size, easy to use, easy to download. 
none
Small
convenient and very easy to use;takes good photos when edited properly
Relatively inexpensive, holds a lot of pictures
cheap, functions good
Economically Priced
Low price, USB connection, 8 mb RAM
Good quality when used with good conditions.
small and has multiple functions with a nice usb connection
Small, inexpensive, multiple use
 *Easy setup&amp;#13;&amp;#10; *Small Footprint.&amp;#13;&amp;#10; *Quiet&amp;#13;&amp;#10; *Excellent print quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10; *Fast&amp;#13;&amp;#10; *Toner Lasts forever&amp;#13;&amp;#10; *Great price!
Fast and Excellent Quality
size, price
Ease of use, durability, quality
sleeky,good
speed, simplicity, quality output
Useful cardboard box
low cost
?
good for rough drafts only
Quality, price, easy to use 
Cheap, Quite good picture quality, Extremely easy to use
Inexpensive, easy to use, reliable.
Very easy to use, good features and quality pictures. USB
Good Quality, Price, Features and Ease of Use
great pictures, fast downloads, nice camera body, customer support
Easy to operate/makes great pictures
Inexpensive.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to use.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Takes excellent pictures.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great screen for preview viewing.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;USB-enabled and ComactFlash.
Inexpensive, easy to use, reliable.
could have a little more memory
none
great pictures, great price, easy to figure out
A fun camera that takes great pictures.
Cost, USB compact flash, ease of use
Easy to use
USB transfer, price, picture quality
Very easy to use
high quality with a low price
37mm threads, LCD Screen, Price, Quality, Everything!!
light weight, easy to use
Low Price, Compact, Viewfinder
cheap, good pictures
Ease of use, megapixel res, low cost, fast, USB transfer
good clear picture
Price, easy to use, good quality pictures
Good resolution, and a ton of extra features
8mb Memory Included, Card Reader Included, Can be connected to PC or TV
easy to use, great pictures, low light, threaded lens for filters
LCD screen
great resolution, usb transfer
good resolution in this price range, easy operation, lens mount, tripod mount
EASY TO USE, good pictures, lots of options, compact and lightweight
Very sturdy, very comfortable in the hand, good pictures.
No more film to purchase or fees for developing film.
Easy to use, shaped like a normal camera, good price-performance match.
Perfect pictures, easy to use
Easy to use...many functions at the clik of a finger...
Easy to use; good photos for the price.
size, quality of photos, features, ease of use.
Very nice camera, very affordable
Easy to use.  Sharp lens.  Very rugged.
Fabulous picture quality, lightweight, good bundle &amp;amp; features
hi pict mode, sharpness, clarity, good color
Easy to use, excellent quality photos.
Fairly good results for the resolution,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Good features
Ease of Use w/ Numerous Camera Features
great results, easy to learn
Image quality, speed, battery life, storage capacity
easy to use, Epson quality &amp;amp; support, light, ergonomic
Great  pictures!
A very complete quality electronic photo system
Super Photos, long battery life
Great picture quality even at low resolution
Good resolution, zoom, memory, rechargeable batteries, software, LED screen, and photo options at a reasonable price.
Picture quality,  3 X zoom
Great Resolution- Awesome Zoom-Led Screen -NIMH Rechargeable Batteries-4 Meg Internal Memory- 8 Meg Flash Card-Charger and great software
High Quality Photos; Respectable Price
solar powered display, 3X zoom
12 mb memory(8+4), 3x zoom, spiffy sunlit LCD, good battery life, smooth LCD function
takes abuse, easy to use
nice features, good shots
Small size, excellent image quality, easy to use
USB, 1900 res, User Adjustable Features, 2x Zoom, 
Small and lightweight
USB, electronic features
easy to use,custom settings,compact size
Small size, good image quality, 2x option,
Very nice; easy to use; prints directly to any Epson Printer; Many adjustments; Amazing resolution; Supports USB; Both Mac and Win;Embedded LCD 1.8&amp;quot; TFT 
small, good focus, no red eye
small, lightweight, excellent photo quality, comes with rechargeable batteries, color, black and white or panoramic shots
High quality images. Durable!
lens work well
Superior pictures
Easy to use, great quality, great value, great flexibility.
Great camera
Great pix; bright LCD; good battery life
high resolution-1984 x 1488, solar panel for sunlight and battery life,other battery saving functions,USB &amp;amp; serial port connections,nice zoom-optical &amp;amp; digital, takes CompactFlash memory cards up to 128 mg
Great Price, Great Photos, Great Features
Good features vs. price
Excellent picture quality,user friendly,conventional &amp;amp; digital zoom,lens adapter
Loads of Features; Great Image Quality; Energy Efficient
money, time, results
Picture quality
USB Port and Rechargeable Batteries Come w/ This Camera
Takes very good pictures, probably the most well-rounded 2 megapixel camera out there
Tons of fun!
High quality pictures. 2 pixels!
Decent price, decent quality - nothing special tho
Small, quiet, simple to operate, pretty decent customer service.
Wow...  U.S.B., Whats NOT to like... (well there's...)
It was FREE, bundled with my new Dell.
price, print quality
Good Print Quality, light weight, good cartridges, USB, Easy Operation, Good Software
Cheap, USB, simple to operate
price! usb hookup, simple setup, great when used with ink refiller sets
It was free with my Gateway computer.
Cheap Printer
Inexpensive
None
quality, fast b/w, ink lasts long
Cheap...mine was free. easy to install. USB connection. XP friendly.
Good photo and print quality, paper handling, software utility.
superb color quality, easy to change toner, separate black and color cartridges
It's cheap and it looks nice.
Cost, easy install WIN2k, Cost of Ink, Quality of print.
excellent photo quality, relatively fast (in economy mode)
inexpensive
Low Cost Ink, Average Quality (Prints), USB
Very nice text and photo printing.
Cheap printer. Wide paper capacity
Cheap
Cheap. 
Cheap, good quality prints (for the price), fast
cheap - good quality if you have time to wait.
 Space saving printer.Inexpensive.
Easy to set up uses both types of hook ups USB and Parallel
Price, size, quality
Fast easy setup, picture perfect photo's, low price
Great print quality and fast
Price, Quality of Print, Design, Ease of Use
One of the best printers on the market. 
Great quality printer that comes complete with all manufactures supplied accessories.
Cheap, superior color prints on photo quality paper, easy to set up and use. 
Excellent ease of use, fast printing and a sleek easy to use design.
good paper feeding, long-lasting ink, helpful print options
Low cost and fast compared to many other inkjets
Good. Light, affordable, just like the C80.
Sleek looking, prints quickly, hardly know it is on
Good print quality, overall good value - typical of Epson
Fast, great print quality, easy to set up and use
Good quality print images
Prints nicely and quickly, Affordable price
Excellent quality, value, &amp; price. NOT loud.
inexpensive, pretty good photo quality, fast for b&amp;w
Low Cost, Compatible with Windows XP
Amazing Quality and Fast
Great Color, low price Parallel Port
Braggers Rights Special: Makes the most expensive unimpressive photo prints!
Fine print quality, fast enough for home use, and the price is right.
Quick, great resolution
Price
Quick Printing, decent quality but excellent quality for price.
good quality, fast printing, compact
Price, After Market ink, Speed
Good print quality, relatively fast, very inexpensive
Quick printing, styling and easy buttons
Excellent print and graphics.
Prints fast, easy to use, inexpensive
Cheap
super high quality printings which are highspeed. Fast loading w\ choice of USB , 
Very affordable, easy to use
cheap, also works in Linux, currently easy to find
Good price, prints fast
Fast printing, pretty nice photos
Printing Speed, Print Quality, Reliable paper feed mechanism
Quick printing, looks nice, affordable, easy to use.
great value for money, good quality printouts
Fast, Easy-to-Use, Good Print Quality
Very simple to use and quite small for storage.  It's also really cheap!
Fast, clean printing. Software shows ink levels which, alone, is worth the purchase.
Great price, quality print, easy to use, relatively few jams
good print quality for the price
Print Quality is excellent, fairly fast
Good price, easy to use, good B&amp;W quality, sleek design, fast B&amp;W printing
Can't tell whether the photo is from Target or from the C62.
Size, speed, stylish, affordable
good quality for the money; inexpensive ink replacement cartridges
Small and compact size. Leave lots of room on the desk, when space is minimal.
price, set up, speed
Quality
Awesome print quality for the price, easy to use, small in design.
Excellent print quality
Cheap, Reliable Brand, does the simple jobs
Affordable, quality build, brand name, USB/PPort options, good print quality, CHEAP
Good Value, separate ink cartridges, Windows XP Drivers, Fast
Separate ink cartrigdes, very quiet, very fast, high-quality, solid construction, reliable, long-lasting ink, never jams
Excellent photo printing and fast text output.
Excellent sharp, clear, photo quality prints. Quiet, very easy to use..seldom jams!
Sturdy, fast in draft mode, low ink indicators.
Ink is in separate cartridges, fast dry time, smudgeproof
Quality print, separate cartridges and a decent price.
Great Speed, Water Resistant Ink, Individual Color Cartridges, Highly Reliable, Great Looking.
very clear printing
fast, reliable, high quality
Inexpensive, exceptional graphic/photo print quality, fast, laser-crisp text, individual ink cartridges (inexpensive as well)
A speedy printer, basic and economical. 
Fast, relatively quiet, excellent print output
Fast print speed, waterproof ink
Fast, easy software installation, DuraBright water resistant ink.
Fast, quality printing for any project
Colors are in separate cartridges, relatively quiet printing.
Light, Good Quality, Fast, Reliable.
Slick design, High quality, Waterproof ink! Fade resistant ink! ink monitor, fast.
Excellent print quality, particularly photographs. Solid as a rock.
Beautiful output when new; easy to setup
Very Fast, Brilliant Color, Long-Lasting Cartridges
4 separate ink cartridges means value
Fast, cheaper ink than HP
Separate ink cartridges
Speed; print quality; separate ink cartridges; price
Nice print outs - once you get it going
Great quality and even greater price!
Separate Ink Carts - Fast - Easy to Use
water resistant/ fade resistant ink Really fast! Individual ink cartridges
Easy Setup, Crisp Clear copies, Fast printing
Very fast, quiet printer
Speedy, and individual colour cartridges.  Out tray folds up to save space.
Great quality for reasonable price
Great Print Quality, Speedy SPEEDY Printing, 4 cartridges instead of 2
Easy USB setup, individual color cartridges.
Lightening speed! Prints so much cleaner w/the separate inks.
Quiet, good text printing performance
Fast, very good plain paper photo printing
Epson does not fail with this printer.  It's a winner
separate cartridges, fast, quiet, efficient ink usage
Great print quality
Was recommended highly by many people., Printed well in black and white and in color.
Fast color print and great quality
Fast, cheap, great quality, Mac/PC compatible, USB, Easy to use, nice design
fast, quiet and great quality print
improvements over previous models, speed, quality, low level of noise
Fast,Great Photos,Inexpensive to use,Sturdy
Speed!!!. Durabrite Inks. Separate ink tanks.
Photo ink lasts 75 years
Great quality, Fast, quiet after start up
Print preview saves from printing headaches!  Fast.  Print DOUBLE SIDED
nice fashion for  the new year
The Stylus C80 prints very fast colors do not run together the prints dry quickly
Great quality (text, photo), fast printing, individual color ink cartridges, long-lasting pigment inks, solid driver
Fast, good color and can use permanent inks.
Lightweight. Compact. Fast.
inexpensive
Fast and cheap, Inks are great (and expensive). Parallel interface works with print servers.
Great price, great quality, fast printer, nice straight-forward design and function
Epson Brand Name, Quality of Printing, Ink Cartridges
Great quality printing
Individual ink cartridges, speed, nice black text print, parallel port
Fast Printing, Great Images and text, easy to setup.
EXTREMELY Fast, Great price, Photos are great
Speed, Seperate Ink Cartridges, High Quality Text
4 separate ink cartridges to save $$$, very decently priced, color prints are great
Well its fast and inexpensive
Exceptional photo printing from a multi-use printer
Great price 39.98 after rebate at best buy. 
Easy to install; fast printing;  attractive style
Very fast printing, cheap price, good quality,seperate ink cartridges.
Fast, Individually Ink Cartridges,, Durabrite Long Life Inks.
great picture and text quality...separate color ink tanks is good.
High speed, Photo quality print
- Speed, - Instant dry ink, - separate big ink tanks, - BRILLIANT photo prints
Extremely fast, Separate inks, High resolution photos, Easy set-up
Easy Set Up.
Paper feed, text and image quality are fine, it gets things done generally
handles 11x17 paper
workhorse
Affordable
resolution and speed
Oversize paper capability
High quality prints, fast output, reliability
Great Quality can print up to 16.5 by 21.5
Prints on large paper, good quality color, fast, reliable
High quality output, fast, 1440 dpi, 11&amp;quot; x 17&amp;quot; paper
Nice big color at a bargain price
beautiful print quality
great color, easy setup, prints large-format, PostScript available as an option
excellent print quality on a variety of paper types
large format
Larger format, fast when it works
Excellent print quality and will print on any paper stock.
Great color; crisp prints
High quality, quick and quiet
Great photo-quality high res prints
great output; good color, fast and reasonable price
Speed, Color, Everything
Great quality color prints, large format for printing banners
The print quality and the fact that it can print many sizes of paper. 
Accepts quite large format paper and prints using nearly all the space
Excellent print quality, Quiet, Prints on almost any paper and or transparency.
Inexpensive to buy; inexpensive non-epson cartridges available; simple to operate.
Inexpensive printer, but good photos on plain paper, if you do it my way.
Inexpensive,good creative software,
Clear printing, easy to use.
Very easy to operate and install cartridges
Cheap, Good Quality Text, Cheap Ink
Cheap, Well-Quality Prints
price, speed, quality of print
Decent color printing
Good quality
good quality, quick printing for IJ
Fantastic Price and Solid Construction
good black and white, time
Looks pretty good...
prints fairly fast, cartridges easily changed
Good Working and cheap!
Easy to use and maintain.  
Cheap price and refills
Cheap - Colors are Bright
Price
Low cost, Good Print quality
Good print quality.
Price, features, reliability, cartridges, software
cheap
Easy to use, reliant
quality, price, size
Great bargain; acceptable speed and print quality; mechanically reliable
Cheap and runs economically.
Print Quality, Color Printing
price, dpi, ease of set up
I wouldn't be without this printer
Great value at just under $100
Great for the price
Cheap, easy to use
Great price,Great color
Cheap, Bundled with Good Software
great price, great quality for an entry level printer
Inexpensive
Prints very quickly
A fast, high quality printer
Clear Printing
quality text, cheap
Very Affordable , Reliable and Space Saver 
Good quality for the Price
Easy to use
Good Price
None
Fairly quiet, fair speed, reasonable print quality
cheap
Highest print quality in its class.
prints great pictures
excellent color matching, excellent photo printing, sharp line edges, dark printing, nifty operating program
Good text.
great value for the price
least expensive we could find
Pretty good quality printing
Inexpensive Cost/Good software bundle
Superior print quality, cheaper ink
cheap, good vivid color, great for the price!
Good quality, fast, well made, can get cheap ink.
Small, nice pictures.
Can't find any yet
cheap
Great durability
Very cheap
Good quality for the price
Fits in dustbin easily
pretty clear printing... when it does
Cheap purchase price
Cheap
Speed and quality
Price, reliability, ease of setup
Good for printing documents up to 30 pages
decent photos
Prints nicely when it prints.
No maintenance, ink is affordable
Affordable
low price, quality
Inexpensive, easy to use
Very good for the price
Well, it works as a paper holder.
Wait, I'll think of one ... just give me more time...
Can produce some very clear work 
affordable ink, affordable printer, long-lasting, no paper jams, easy to install
Cheap, good color, easy to use
Easy to Use. Great for limited home use.
Inexpensive, good quality, good paper handling
Cheap, works
Cheap
Lasting Ink Cartridges
Cheap.
You get what you paid for.
Prints great - fast and accurate - prints great pictures.
Nice design, excellent quality (on quality paper), good price
Dirt Cheap after Rebate.
excellent printer for the money
Cheap, excellent print quality, easy to set up, fairly quick.
Cheap and Happy
I can't think of one
Very good print output quality and inexpensive.
Easy to install
good price
Great price, good quality output, just works.
Cheap. Good Print-outs
Good color, relatively trouble-free operation.
Very cheap, Low cost if you use generic carts, Top Notch output on glossy paper...
Cheap, easy to use, good output, great software, cheap ink refills
Great inexpensive printer that delivers unexpectedly good quality print
Amazing printing quality for such a cheap printer
low initial price
Inkwells refill easily.
Print quality was nice for home printing with color
cheap price, ease of use
Very good print quality for text, graphics and photos.
Inexpensive, good quality print, generic cartridges are cheap.
cheap, cheap, cheap. Excellent text and photo quality prints. 
Nothing
Fast, good quality, never jams
Super
Great for any project. bright and clear
price
Can print very well at times, fairly priced
Great quality images at an acceptable page/minute speed
kinda inexpensive, works well for the most part
Price, quiet, fast
At least you can read what it prints
Great price on refurbs
Great Text And Photos
inexpensive, great support
Price seemed good when I bought it.
Fast text printing. Good quality image printing. 
excellent photographic quality, easy to set-up and install, great all round printer
Good Quality Fast Easy to use
Easy to use, good quality, reasonably priced, 
color quality
Affordable, if not free with computer packages.
print quality
great print quality, great price
Great price, excellent performance and value
price, quality
easy to operate
Printout quality is great, speed is good
good color
great photo reproduction
print quality, price, versatility
Affordable printer that produces exceptional quality every time.
Great value
Small
Easy to use/setup, separate black &amp;amp; color cartridges, handles heavier paper
cost, reliability, simple to use
durable, easy to use
Excellent software programs
Cheap, awesome printer in general
Efficient, Quick, Easy to Use
Fast, efficient
Good print quality, paper never gets jammed, good price
1440x720 dpi, Low price, compact size
Prints superbly on Glossy and Inkjet Paper
Its cheap
low price, great if used every day
Connects to Mac and PC, Very Good Output For The Price
Quality, Easy to use/maintain
Great Quality and Affordable
really great quality printing
clear printing, about average print time
Good Picture Quality
Inexpensive to purchase
easy to navigate site, excellent prices
Quality printing, variety of models
Good quality printing
Print job and Ink level monitor
Excellent print quality, good speed, easy to set up
Price performance ratio
Great Print Quality
Nice support personnel at Epson. 
quiet
V.good print quality
Warranty-2 years
Very Good Text, Great Graphics and Photos
Cheap, easy to use, produces some good results.
Low cost,  nice output on various media.
Reliable and  TOUGH!  Performs to Specs.
Easy Installation, Fast
back loading, easy to use, ink meter 
Relatively cheap
Everything
Great quality print, Prints on any weight of paper, dependable
Good print quality for average home users, small footprint, affordable.
Its Color
Started off nice
EXCELLENT photo quality with the right paper, text prints very well, GREAT speed.
Easy to use and setup, decent quality, reliable
fast, high resolution, no smear, cost
nice quality, good price
easy to use, good text and graphics quality
None
Hey, I got a great price on it
The price; versatility; not bulky. 
cheap, good print quality on special papers
Great color and photo printouts for the price
 Reliable Printer, Great Quality
Reliable, powerful, sweet
Good printer
used to work
Great text and photo output on special paper; Cheap; Lots of driver customizations
cheap, good print quality
Beautiful print quality, inexpensive printer
Decent photo printing, clear color and B&amp;amp;W, good price
Fast printing, Cheap
great quality, ink lasts long good price
cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap!
Excellent print quality, adjustable settings to photo quality for people, nature, etc.
True 4-color printing, good performance on plain paper
Cheap, easy to set up
Good quality print
Durable, Good Quality, Inexpensive
fast printing, excellent quality, very inexpensive
cheap
price, quality of printing
fast and good quality
High resolution
Nice print quality
Priced right   good service   nice print
Inexpensive, stunning photo-quality, and great status icons
Good printing quality
Good Print Speed, nice quility, clean text and picture, price,
good, cheap fast printer
Crisp print-outs, excellent text documents, pretty good picture prints.
Cheap, great print quality
Great text and color quality
Good print quality, good price, decent configuration options
great quality, fairly quiet, cheap!
Versatility and enlargements also very inexpensive and fast for the money
It prints nice and clear copies 
Price
Efficient.Fantastic pictures with professional quality!
Convenient (Semi)Photo-Quality Output, Low Priced Printer and Consumables
Low price, great output quality on coated paper, USB connectivity.
Great print quality. Easy to use.
Excellent color. Great price.
Good for a short while.
Great value compared to an HP Ink-Jet P2200.
Great photo reproduction on photo paper, quick, cartridges easy to refill.
Fast, no jamming, inexpensive ink, inexpensive PRINTER for that matter
none
Speed and Print Quality
6 ppm black, 5 ppm color - 1440 x 720 dpi - insanely inexpensive!
Low price.  Solid product.
Color, fast, ease of use
High photo color quality at a great price!
Fast, Impecable Quality
cheaper ink refills made by Amazon, easy to use, inexpensive overall cost
Great quality text and Graphics
Easy to set up, easy to use
Price, speed, dependability
ink level indicators when printing
Fast, Quality, Inexpensive
Good for the price
cheap, clear printing and good software
Inexpensive, Great black and white output
Small, great print quality
affordable, good quality, good for projects, etc.
Inexpensive, good quality
Great quality. Inexpensive
none
Quality Name.
Excellent print quality, Ease of use, Price is affordable
Great quality when it works right
Cheap, good quality prints
Cheap; compatible with a wide variety of connections; decent text printing.
I enjoy printing out copies using this printer!
excellent printer!
average speed lower price
nice quality output (especially on coated paper), quiet
Super output quality, simple installation at a remarkable price
great color
Amazing Price, Great Quality, Total Connectivity
The printouts are great! The quality is very good and the price is very affordable.
Faster than other models
excellent image quality, decent speed, good looking
Quality color picures.
print quality, price, USB connectivity
USB, Picture Quality, ease of use, Software Bundle
Razor Sharp Photographic Quality
quality print, &amp;quot;dry&amp;quot; ink, reasonable speed
Nice quality, Low Cost
Good print quality, ease of use
Good quality prints, reasonably priced
Good accuracy, good quality, cheap
Easy set-up, ease of use, excellent print quality, ease of maintenance
Fast , cheap, easy to use, Exceptional color quality
Quality
Easy to use, good quality, cost.
Smallest Dot, superb color picture quality on Plain Paper
Superior quality
Quality, Ease of use, Technical support, Customer Service
Print quality, reliability, included software
amazing print quality, beautiful prints
Easy to use, inexpensive, excellent color quality, compares favorably to an Alps photo printer
OK OUTPUT
Good quality text and graphics, reasonably fast
Very high print quality, easy setup with Macintosh
Fast print speeds, average cost of consumables, and USB support
fast, great color
USB connection, low price consumables, excellent all around mid-range printer
sturdy, separate ink, photo quality, multi-connect
Excellent print quality, fast text printing
For the price, it is a great printer
Fast,Easy to use
Prints fast, feeds one paper at a time
Speed, cartridge life, price
I can't think of any!
Cheap; High Quality; Printer Software Included
its aight
Color output great, easy to use, installs in minutes
Fast, beautiful prints, Cheap
Good fast quality.
Great-quality prints
High Quality Printouts, Cheap, Durably
USB, amazing quality for its low cost
Great print quality and speed.  Handles stacks of ANY size card or envelope.
price, ease of operation, resolution
Spectacular photo quality output potential
good all purpose printer
never breaks
Nice printing, even on index cards and envelopes, Good price!
great printing quality, reasonable purchase price
Great photo printing, great price.
Price, printed images
Decent quality output, good software
Easy to use and not very expensive!
speed when frequently used.
Easy to set up USB, price, color printing quality
Dependable hardware, excellent print quality
Very fast, High Quality
fast and good and cheap
Great color, great quality, great service
Nice print quality
Great quality professional looking printing
Great Product, Support
Near Laser Quality and beautiful photos made inexpensively.
Outstanding customer service
good quality, good price, windows/mac compatible
Quality, Price, Compatibility
A great, cheap little printer.
Fast printing, photo like quality
Quick, crisp copies
Great Quality, Good Price
Just about everything!
value
Great software included!
Color print quality,price,ease of use
Cheap for the quality
grrrrreat photo quality
Great quality printing
Beautiful output!
Great Home Printer, Image Quality on Glossy is Great!, Ease of Setup, Ink Cartridge Install is soo easy!
Great detail, high dpi
Excellent Quality Photos
beautiful photo quality, reliable performance, great printer driver
Good quality printing
Mac &amp;amp; Windows Compatibility
prints without jamming
Good for text
great value, decent quality
Good Value
Cheap, good printing
great quality, low, low, low initial price.
Beautiful print quality at first
good photo printing
Photo quality color and laser sharp text.  Quick and easy setup.
Very high quality prints or fairly quick prints at lower resolutions
good print quality, easy setup, USB/Parallel support
inexpensive, great printing
Print Quality, reliable, good speed, paper handling, cheap ink available
good price
Great color printing, excellent paper handling, USB and serial capable (Mac)
High quality printing, multi-platform, reasonable image quality, good value
Really Great Looking Pictures. Good Price. 
Excellent print quality
Inexpensive, good print quality
High Quality Printing-especially when used on photo paper; &lt;i&gt;&lt;b&gt;rarely&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt; jams;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to Use
Very high quality, quick text printing, vibrant colors.
Fast, good print quality, versatile, customizable driver, cheap inks
Great quality, robust, reliable
I can't think of any.
Pretty good quality, fast text and low-quality printing, inexpensive
price
Good Color
print speed
Kicky design, quality performance
6 ppm black 5 ppm color, long lasting ink cartridges
Free, good quality, reasonable speed
Looks nice, works well, not too expensive
ease, speed, reliability, quality
Small, cool looking, and good color
Quality, price, ease of use, speed
$50 Rebate, Good Quality, Fast, True Color, Accurate, Came With 3 Software Titles
Quality, Fast, Easy, Good for Photos
Great print quality for the money. 
Easy to use, cheap, doesn't gobble ink, cartridges are easy to load, quality pictures
Excellent printing time
good quality, not too expensive
All around quality
Great B&amp;amp;W quality, Mac and PC compatible, USB
good quality print, reliable 
Resolution, Price, Size
Price
prints well, easy to install
Easy to Install, Ink cartridges are reasonable, easy to use, PC &amp; Mac compatible
high quality print. separate ink cartridges.
cheap, reliable and small
Inexpensive printer.  Multiple ways to hook it up.
Nice graphics
Inexpensive, Good Quality
Good black text, nice and sharp., Vivid color graphics.
Very good quality prints
It works great!
Great colors, fast speed, flexible settings
Fast, quiet, great color
Fast, affordable, very quiet
Excellent photo output, USB
Easy to set up and use, good overall performance.
Great quality, lots of software options
Good print quality
Very quiet, great prints, nice software package included
Print quality in both colour and B/W, Speed, nice interface, ink life, amazing quality even on standard A4 paper,
photo quality, usability, noise level
Print quality, Speed, Price
Inexpensive, excellent print quality, fast printing
cheap, quiet, great text, nice color
Cheap buying cost, easy to use, great support
Inexpensive, high quality
great print quality
Speed
Good print quality, speed, original cost
Price, simple and reliable, quiet operation
Fast, cheap, great quality
Nice Photo Quality, Fast B&amp;W CHEAP
cheap, good speed, suffices everyday needs
Inexpensive, high quality print outs, easy set up
Price&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quality of print&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ease of setup
Great Quality pictures, great black &amp; white. Easy to install.
Beautiful print quality, when new.
???
Very nice print quality, compact design
Nice design, inexpensive, good print quality (B&amp;W and color), small footprint
Decent quality printing, low cost of printer, free glossy/photo paper.
Better looking than most printers, good quality prints, better with updated drivers from Epson
Pretty, cheap, doesn't jam, and cheap
nice quality
Inexpensive, Good Printing Quality
Simple setup, easy to use
Inexpensive
Clear print -- but only for a few short jobs. That's it.
Good print quality, cheap, durable
Nice prints (Especially color pictures)
Good Print Quality 
Decent quality printing, especially on photographic paper
Great for printing photos.
Quality, paper handling, speed.
Excellent photo printing
Great Resolution
Prints the next best thing to picture perfect with clearly defined lines and fantastic colors.
It prints...sometimes...
Cheap, great quality prints
Print Quality, Print Quality, Print Quality!
Excellent print quality
Excellent print quality for less than $100.00 dollars...
Well designed hardware for use by young children
Print speed and quality, excellent
Stable Drivers, High Print Quality, Large Paper Tray
Inexpensive, crisp copy, and very easy to install.
Easy to use and setup,cheap.
Detailed, colorful prints that rival or exceed film-based photos.
Easy to use, good quality document and photo printing, nice print options, affordable.
Nice print quality, easy to install
Fast printing
Smokes competition
good quality and speed
Great print quality at a very reasonable price
Unbeatable price, high quality output
Price, Print Quality
Great speed; usb and parallel printing; only 100 dollars
Epson name is respected; inexpensive photo quality printer; excellent directions &amp;amp; easy set-up
useful, durable, good quality printing
great quality for the money
High Quality Cheap Price
Price, Output, Value. All rolled into one!
Inexpensive, great looking prints on special paper
It has a nice purple epson logo on it
Very Good Print Quality
The best value out there!!
Software bundle.
Cheap, decent quality
Easy setup and connection, nice quality print, looks good,low cost
Good quality printing. 2880 resolution prints. Sleek styling.
Quality print outs with perfect color, fast, and easy to use.
Cheap, fast, excellent print quality
Easy to install,excellent operation,great color photos
Inexpensive, excellent quality
Great price, beautiful quality
Print quality is very good, especially for pictures.
Great print quality, easy to set up and use, fair price.
Excellent Quality, extremely flexible.
Great price, quality printing
Good performance, excellent output, and Cheap!!
Great photos from this printer
Cheap, excellent quality, fast, stylish, small footprint.
Prints beautiful pictures on expensive photo paper.
Excellent Print Quality, Excellent Reliability, FAST, Good Price Per Page Rating
Attractive new look from Epson, easy to install.
Price and quality
Excellent photograph reproduction. Crisp Text. (when it works)
Great color pictures
Easy set-up. Smooth operation.
Fast printing, great quality
Bright colors, cheap price, fast, easy to setup.
Very good print quality, good speed
Inexpensive, good color, not too hard on the eyes
Pretty Good Output, and fairly inexpensive
PRICE$$$
2880 for under $100.00
Cheap to buy
Excellent color and graphics quality WHEN NEW.
Quality printing, decent speed, long-life/high output
Good Product Quality, Many Good Options to let you pick exactly what you want.
good quality prints
Very good output quality
Great Output
Easy to use...
GREAT PRINT QUALITY
great quality
Fast Printing, inexpensive
Fast and very good quality
Speed, Cost, Quality
Great quality, fast color and black printing, easy to install
Fast, great print quality 
Great glossy pictures, letters, newsletters, etc.
I can get generic cartridges very cheap. Decent quality picture printing.
good quality, network support, paper extender (for 8&amp;#189;&amp;#148; by 14&amp;#148;)
highest quality, easy to use, good design
Low price. Fast. Quiet. Good quality prints.
fast printing, high dpi, sharp images
Cheap ink ($1.99 on Ebay)
Price
Great graphics printing
Beautiful Prints with ease!
nice quality and features, looks nice on your desktop, nice size
Very fast, great color printing(on high quality paper), good price
Black &amp; White Speed Demon;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Non Epson brand generic Cartridge Usable;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Good for office usage.
nice looking and pretty easy to use
faster and just as good
fast, quiet, lightweight and more
Inexpensive Photo Quality
Quick, quiet and beautiful output
Very good price and photo quality
affordable, compact
price, size, quality, looks, and ease of use
Good price, fast and crisp output
Outstanding print quality; fast
great photo quality
Simple to use, quick, excellent quality print
Very Quiet and Very Fast
FAST, quiet, sleek design
High Quality Printing, Good Price
Amazing quality for a non-&amp;quot;Photo&amp;quot; printer
Fast, easy to use, lets you see how much ink you have left
Cheap, Works Great
Photo Printing!
Inexpensive, 0.4 Pico-liter nozzle
Price
Quiet, fast, new design
Front folding flap, control panel
Very good price online (had a fantastic rebate too). 
Quiet operation, great photo quality printing, good cost per print ratio.
Photo-quality at a reasonable price. Quiet.
Great speed and quality, very affordable
Excellent Printer! Reasonable Price
Speed and resolution, ultra quite mechanism, compact design, warranty
True to Life Photo Quality, Ease of Use and Good Paper Support.
Fast, very quiet, incredible photo quality on Epson glossy photo paper. Excellent text rendering too.
Nice print, easy setup, good ink amount status
style, quality, easy set up
Great photo quality, great text quality, very fast worth every cent
Quick printer that is compact
High Quality color printing
Fast, quiet, and excellent print quality!
Great photo printing, long colour cartridge life
Quiet, USB
Decent print quality when the heads aren't jammed.
Nice looking
Affordable, quality prints, quick and quiet
100% Photo Quality output. Text is also very impressive. 
Nice, quiet printing
Great output, archival quality, affordable, quiet &amp; fast operation
good color, quiet, print preview
Relatively quiet, relatively fast (in B&amp;W mode only)
Epson quality
Quiet, Fast, Reliable, Cheap, and most important, Unsurpassed Print Quality
text and image quality
Looks pretty (like a lemon).
Decent color quality, inexpensive, and printer cartridges are easy to find.
Speed, Quietness,Print quality
Speed, quiet, print and build quality.
Quiet, fast
Fast and crisp color
Price, Features, Usability, USB
wonderful color printing, quiet, very built well!
Keeps your desk tidy; printheads are permanent feature of the machine; drivers are easy to install; prints very fast.
Fast and Furious., Easy Install
Quick, fast operation and easy to use.
Photorealistic prints, Price, Quality
High quality printouts, beautiful graphics, Quiet operation, Easy to set up.
excellent, photo quality, reasonable price, setup is flawless, ink is cheap at COSTCO
Very good quality, Easy to set up
Good cheap printer for b/w only
Good speed for price, nice color output, ease of setting up.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Excellent print quality, easy to use and setup, very quiet
Amazing output, extremely quiet, cartridges less expensive then many of the competition.
Affordability
Fast, high dpi, reliable, low maintenence printer
High quality for the money.
It's an EPSON people! Excellent paper handling
Built like a tank; fast.
Great print quality, fast printing, 2880 dpi printing, reasonable price.
Very fast printing
This is a really fantastic printer.  Quality of printing, ink usage, and features are great.
Bargain price
Quality prints and fast printing
SUPER FAST! Great print quality, can be networked with optional network card
Speed, Graphics quality, price (with or with out rebate)
Fast, excellent color quality, excellent text printing
Excellent for Photos
Easy hookup and installation.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great print quality and speed.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
made with the professional in mind&amp;#13;&amp;#10;very reliable and easy to use
Great quality...
Great Value, Fast high-quality printing, convenient PC-less copying 
Copies and Prints photos without a PC
Great Print Quality, Easy Setup, great price
ease of set up, paper feeds very well, price.
great print, EZ setup, EZ to use, cheap ink, EPson relablilty
Excellent price, solid construction, decent flatbed scanner
Good price-performance value., Everything included.
cheap
multifunction, up to 5760 x 720 dpi, cheaper ink cartridges
Price, Print Quality, Software
great all around functions, does the job in cheap package
borderless copies and prints
Quality printing, Quick Copying, Photo printing, Scanning, paper handling
Saves time going to the Kodak picture copy machine at the drug store.
Fast, four separate ink cartridges, nice copying features
Excellent printing and copying quality. 
Print quality, individual color ink cartridges.
There are so many things to say, you will have to read the review!
Easy to set up. Excellent copy quality.
Feature-packed, easy to use, nice software suite
Prints wonderully, Warms up quickly
Great combination unit!
Prints, Scans, and Copies. Ink relatively inexpensive. Ink last over 70 years.
Great unit. Individual ink cartridges and nice prints. 
Ease of use; full featured; excellent scanner and speed(see review)
Prints fast, installs easily, great quality prints, separate color cartridges
Breathtaking color images, very good software, fast, cheap, attractive
Fast, great color, super software interface!
Speed, quality of prints, ease of use, style, fast warmup, comes with USB 
great scans, accurate printouts, reasonable price, ease of use, cartridge for each color 
Functionality (scan,copy, print), performance, build quality, keypad convenience
nice print quality , good large format printing work horse
Easy to use
what a cool stuff
Cheap, photoquality prints. Large format.
good photo quality printing
Inexpensive for large size output capacity
Photo Quality output, nearly continuous tone, excellent price, great drivers
Photo quality output, Price is low enough
Amazing quality, good price, large format
Good for photos
Supports large paper sizes
very good quality, ink not too expensive, good online services
Prints outstanding photos
Strong color, complete fills, no streaks, wide-format
Stunningly high-quality prints, excellent resolution
Incredible photo quality, accepts wide variety of papers color gamut excellent
Easy to set up, good quality prints
Absolutely Outstanding Photo Printing Results.  Easy to Use.
Photo realistic pictures, Ease of use, Prints excellent on all types of media. 
Beautiful prints, borderless, quiet
Excellent photo quality prints, quiet, reasonably fast, borderless printing to 14" width
Excellent printouts, speedy, quiet
Superb Print Quality, does good on CAD work as well
nice prints, easy to set up
GREAT PHOTO QUALITY!!! six color inks, ALL SOFTWARE WORKS ON MAC OS X
Great print quality, reasonable price
Great pictures and easy to operate
Feature-rich, highest quality photo prints, easy to setup
price, output quality
Great photo quality, no paper jams
Highest quality prints you will find - better than your photo shop
Excellent detail, superb resolution, prints suppose to last from 140-200 years, USB and parallel.
Good prints and probably better archival
Beautiful output
Speed, quality and print longevity is fantastic
Perfect photo prints; large-format paper capacity, up to 13x19 inches!
Quality, speed, quiet
fabulous prints
Ink costs, flawless printing
Highly Detailed Prints
beautiful, fast, clear photo printing
design and picture quality
Quality of Prints! 
Fast Color printer Great Picture quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Both USB and IEEE Ports
Offers superb printy quality
Up to Large format paper, fade resistant dyes and papers, fast, quiet, 6 color printing
quiet, great speed, and great pictures.
Quality of prints
Faster, quieter, smaller drop-size, archival ink-sets
speed quiet color
excellent photo quality
Great details and amazing colours.
Quality output for a low price.
Amazing Printing Quality and Design
Everything
Incredible imaging
Top Quality, Speed, Software
Quiet, Nice Output, High Ink Quality
bright colors, consistent color fields
Nice case
Awesome quality; quite fast; not so noisy 
amazing picture quality at good value
Wide Format
Fantastic photo prints, and very quiet. 
Quality of prints are quite dramatic if used with the right papers. Sleek industrial design.
Beautiful picture perfect printing using Epson glossy photo paper. 
Great pic's, wide carriage for 11"x14"'s
Photo quality prints that look like real photos!
Great photo print quality, wide carriage for Super A3/B prints
Archival ink, accurate color, very sharp prints, quiet, separate ink tanks. Well designed.
Archival quality without the service bureau
A significant and notable step up from previous Ink-Jet "Photo" printers."
Solidly built, very quiet
Does well with Matte paper, prints fast, excellent text as well
Archival printing, photographic quality, excellent color fidelity, included roll paper handling, quiet, easy setup, warranty
When you use it to print on Matte papers, the prints are stunning
Excellent all-around printer
Good photo-quality printing if you use special paper
It prints beautiful borderless photos up to 13 x 19 inches!
Quality of the print, features, resolution, speed.
Eye-popping images that can stop a conversation dead in it's tracks!
Ease of use; excellent color; individually replaceable ink cartridges; archival ink
Great Printer especially  for pictures
Outstanding Photo's, Inexpensive
Good quality when it works
Great Output
it works for 8-12 months
Good photo quality
amazing pictures
Great software, impressive images, cheap
Excellent output, great price
The best picture print quality ever!!!!!, average priced ink cartriges, great software and utilities
Prints nice a few times in a row, well supported
high picture quality, inexpensive
Great colors and definition.
photo quality, ink lasts longer, great software included
Inexpensive
high speed printing, clear photos, inexpensive ink cartridge
Not bad for a cheap inkjet
Excellent Photo Quality, Low Cost
Appearance, Print quality, paper handling. Cheap!
Cool Techie Looking Slate Color Case&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Handy USB, Parallel, and Mac Local Talk connectors
Great photo quality, dependable, drivers available for Mac and PC.
Superb Quality
Print quality.
Clear printing, Hassle free use
incredible output
Price friendly and print qualtiy
Fantastic Output
amazing photo images
Great photo quality prints
Outstanding photo quality.Good software
great quality, fast print speed
Best bang for the buck
beautiful photos couldn't expect more
Excellent Photo Outputs; Low Price
Beautiful, affordable photo prints
color prints are amazing
Vivid, Saturated Color, Great Quality
High Quality, inexpensive
It has the black case and quality is good.
It has the black case and quality is good.
Amazing quality, 5 Color Ink Cart., Cheap Ink., works with Linux
Incredible ease with a few pointers
Great paper handling, AMAZING photo quality, cheap printer and carts
Borderless, durable ink, USB &amp; parallel, easy setup, on-screen ink monitor, decent photos
great picture quality, 6 color inks, border free printing
Price, new technology, great prints&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Clear edge to edge printing.  Ink doesn't smear with hi-lighter.
Fantastic Quality Prints
Excellent Photo Quality
Cheap, stunning prints, usb &amp; parallel connections
Good Photo quality printing
Picture quality is excellent when working properly.  OSX compatible.
excellent printer, excellent photos, excellent tech support
None to speak of.
Cheap and great resolution for digital photography and graphics
Fabulous photos, fantastic price
picture quality, cheap price
Superb photo print quality on Epson's glossy paper; inexpensive
Great pictures, can plug in SmartFlash cards and print without a computer, 
excellent quality, quiet, prints directly from flash memory
Photo-like quality, good ink prices
Astounding photo quality. No, I really mean it, absolutely brilliant photos.
Great photo printing!!
Excellent Photo Quality printing, Roll paper ready
Inexpensive, Built in card reader
Price, great prints, PIM option
Great Quality, color, detail
Excellent print quality, particularly on special photo paper. Relatively small footprint, memory card support.
Good quality print jobs, inexpensive ink, multiple features.
Awesome photo quality on Epson papers
Excellent quality photos. Great value. Accepts Flash cards.
None
Excellent photo quality. PC slot for card adapter.
The photo print quality is very good.
Good quality print jobs.
Great value for the money, great quality output
Great photo prints, borderless pics, takes various cards
easy to place camera memory card directly into printer to print proof sheet
Great photo printing quality. Excellent price.
It has an on-off switch, price
very good color photo print quality
Price and rebates
Excellent Color Pictures comparable to the more expensive Epson 1280 model.
Great photo quality prints. Excellent value.
Greatttttt pictures.  Good text.
Nice index print ("contact sheet")
Great Photo Printing. Borderless letter size printing!
Excellent quality borderless photos, affordable
Great quality, borderless printing and a great price.
Excellent photo-quality,very affordable, borderless sizingand printing!
Excellent photo quality prints without waiting forever.
Excellent photo quality, reasonably fast printer
Unparalleled photo quality, easy to set-up and use, and great price.
Excellent quality photos
Price, quality
Prints great photos!
Prints Excellent Quality Pictures , 
Amazing print quality
Prints excellent photo quality pictures.
Great quality prints
Easy to setup, beautiful color printouts, good compatibility with XP
Inexpensive; prints in color
Stunning photo quality printouts, value price
Great deal for the price, pretty good photos
Low Price Point, 6 Colors, Epson Reputation, Lab Quality Prints, Border-free Printing
initial print quality
For the occasional use it's price is well worth it.
Awesome graphic results!, Awesome graphic results!, Awesome graphic results!
Great pictures
beautiful photo quality prints of all sizes, and it's under $100 
Great pictures (lab quality), great price
print results are very good for a $100 model.  we use-it with our digital camera.
Excellent print quality and color.  Cheapest, good quality photo inkjet on the market.
Cheap, fast, great prints, good ink length
Cheap, good pictures, borderless printing
Excellent Print Quality, Improved Print Drivers, USB and parallel ports
Printing quality, USB and serial connectors, ink meter, borderless prints while it lasts.
Price, output
GREAT print quality, waterproof prints!  easy to use, small footprint
Worked well initially
Easy to use, nice print quality
Excellent Photos
Fast
Cheap, Great photos when works
It makes a handy punching bag!
Simply gorgeous borderless photos
Great picture photos
Very crisp color photos, clean text, very reliable unit at a low price
Inexpensive, 6-Color System
Super resolution and color on glossy paper. A breeze to set up. Price!
Cheap Hardware, 6 month ago $ 135 and a $ 50 Rebate
Beautiful output, when it works
uses a lot of ink, nozzle clogs a little slow
Excelent prints on Epson Glossy paper
Cheap!
Excellent photo printing
cheap, excellent photo-color, acceptable resolution, excellent software
NOT MANY!  When it works it's OK
Beautiful prints, low initial cost
Great  photo output, quiet, low cost ink.
Great photo print quality -&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Decent color graphics
-True photo quality, -Ink cartridges aren't too expensive
Outstanding print quality, ink monitor, quiet, enclosures, price
Gorgeous output, quiet, roll paper ability, tech support, fade-resist
photo quality
Lower cost than competitors, paper roll feeder included
roller attachment for printing pictures, easy to install and use
Amazing Printing Quality and Design
Photo print quality, photo print longevity, design
Unbeatable prints
Fast, quiet, and great quality
HIGH quality output, whisper quiet, printout lifetime (with matte paper)
Excellent color reproduction.  The ink stays brilliant.  No fading.
Print Quality is great / Real easy to follow instructions!
See description below
Stunning Photos, quiet operation
Awesome photo output
Quality and quiet
Awesome, Frameable 8x10s
Photo realistic prints, borderless printing, accepts roll paper
Great for photos, easy to use
Fast, Precise, High Quality
Nice printing ability, hardly any paper jams, easy to use/hook up to your computer
Digital photo Lab, Here I come! Lab-quality prints, great color, ink level monitor in software
Quiet, reasonably fast, smooth output, excellent price
Print quality, quiet operation, low price
Great pictures.  Fast,quiet printer. Easy setup. 
Excellent quality, quiet, fast.
Lab quality prints. Inexpensive, quite and fast.
Great looking photos. Relatively fast. No paper jams.
Inexpensive, Cheap Ink cartridges
photo reproduction
unbelievable photos on glossy or photo paper
Outstanding photo quality, quiet, built-in PC card slot
Incredible photo quality, quiet operation, integrated memory card reader
N/A
Fast and outstanding for printing photos
discounted price. fantastic print quality, quiet, quick, EXCELLENT 
Best Photo Quality In A Printer I've Seen Yet!
Great photos! Quiet and fairly fast. Much cheaper than sending out for developing!
This printer, from an avid photographer, is an awesome piece of technology.
small and lightweight, easy to use
easy to use
Ease of use, cost
Reliable, high quality, special effects
All of the Above
works great, like any digital camera
Compact size/weight
Compact, Lightweight, Easy to use, Good for use with little kids, No wasted film, Preview pictures and delete ones you don't like
size, and quality
Lightweight,  great pictures
Great camera
Ease of  use; computer interface; quality pictures;reasonably  priced.
Poor troubleshooting help.
Ease of Use, Size, Looks, price
Nice camera for not a lot of $$
Good range of features, large picture capacity, LCD screen, AC adapter
great picture
Cheap and LCD Viewfinder
Sharp resolution
Sharp pictures, easy to use
Feature rich
Lots of options
easy to learn, fun to use, good quality for price
Good price, Excellent photo quality, Excellent Value
great price
easy to use, low weight, small size
Small, Light, and Easy To Use
Small, easy to use, dependable.
Inexpensive, adequate pictures for casual use, rugged, relatively easy to use, good manual
Easy to use, economical on battery-power.
Small size, very good quality images, ease of use
perfect for a beginner
compact, easy directions, all around great
Cheap, light weight and easy to use
Well it DOES take decent pictures
Easy to use, good quality, inexpensive
Clear pictures, great for the money
Compact, Light, and Easy to Use
Great price, easy to use
Easy to operate.
Love the price I got it at! - FREE! :)&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Handy as heck for snapshots.
Budget digi cam with good quality for it's resolution 
Inexpensive, easy to operate, quick digital upload, small and easy to handle
Easy to use, good quality output, compact
Inexpensive, Fast downloads, great macro shots.
Excellent image quality. Extremely simple operation. Good flash. JPEG image files. Mac &amp; PC friendly.
Good price, easy to use for beginners
Inexpensive, good for first timers.
User friendly, great quality, compact size
A high quality and easy to operate camera, for an affordable price.
4S-Size,Software,Simple and Soft picture
Good price, small, responsive, good features
Easy to use, nice entry level digital camera for the price
Little lag time between shots, good battery life
easy to install its software, good pictures based on my standard
Nice features and easy to use
super convenient
Cheap, USB connection, reasonable quality photos
Battery life, good pictures
Good price, easy to use, pretty good quality, software easy to use
Cheap, small, lots of features.
Easy to use, Fun
Great  Pictures
Good quality for the price
Easy to use, lightweight, picture preview
Features, small size, cheap
Small,Inexpensive,LCD Monitor
Small, feature packed, intuitive operation
size,quality of pics, accessories, price
Low Price, Good Quality
Good quality + Great price, Easy to use
Nice, Compact little camera
good image quality, nice size, easy to use, LCD display, good price
Easy to use, great picture quality
cheap, small large capacity, user-friendly.
Great price, good image quality, easy to use
Cheap, easy to use
Inexpensive, USB connection,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;easy to use, VERY LIGHT
Great deal for the money!
Takes GREAT pictures, nice price, love the software.
Fantastic Pictures! Great Price $255.00!
Optical zoom, interchangeable memory, easy to program, adequate adjustments, USB cable, affordable
~1hr battery life on provided alkalines, 1.5-2 on a decent set of 4 NimHs
Excellent value for money, fantastic pictures, a REAL zoom lens.
Takes GREAT pictures, easy to use
Excellent features for the price. A very good value camera.
Excellent picture quality, 3x optical zoom, true macro, good battery life
Durable, reliable, has the basic features I want, 
~ easy to use, ~ very durable, ~ takes great pictures
Good quality images,very reasonable price. Compact, light weight, easy to use. Good quality optics.
take good picture ; 4 R printing looks good.
Great picture quality, good price
Great pictures, many options
Compact size, Full size features
Handy, fun, durable and easy.
Easy to use. High quality for the price.
Great pictures for the price
easy use, good outdoor pictures
Best camera for the price
Inexpensive, picture quality
price, ease of use
USB, Optical zoom, small size
Image Quality, USB Connection, Price
Software, usb connectivity, price, easy to use
$, quality, functionality, durability
very easy to use
Build in lens cover, affordable price, 
All the basic features needed.  USB interface.
cheap, zoom, slim
usb,viewfinder, optical zoom
Compact, light, good quality, great flash!
Great pictures, lots of features, price
Image Quality 
Wonderful clear, sharp pictures with excellent coloring
Easy to use, pretty good photos, USB, excellent value
great pictures, 3X optical zoom, sturdy, normal battery life, usb, great price
Easy to use, good photos, USB, 3x Optical zoom, excellent value
Well-made, easy-to-use controls, batteries last longer
Size, price and ease of use
USB connectivity, 3x optical zoom, color reproduction
Fun,Easy to use,Cheep,light,great pictures
Very Compact, Can take Everywhere
great for travel; easy to use; uses AA batteries; great for web or 4x6 printed
Amazing image quality for the price; easiest digicam I've ever used.
Great Picture Quality, Superb Value, Easy to Use
Easy to use, decent quality, very cheap.
User friendly instructions.  Great for a 1st time user of digital cameras.
Supreme picture quality
Best 270 dollar digital camera&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Update-on sale at $199,  a super deal 
Great quality for the money, new desktop wallpaper everyday if you like.
Price! Lightweight, decent battery life.
Cheap, easy to use camera with lots of features, and crisp color shots.
Great price, Great entry level camera, attractive design
Easy-to-use, good picture quality, using normal AA batteries
Simple to use; Great resolution&amp;#9;
ease of use, picture clarity, price
Better than average color, excellent low light performance, nice optics.
Wow what a camera, easy to use, has some advanced functions, and it WORKS!!
Same size as a regular camera, Lightweight, Easy to use
Easy to use, small, good features
2.1MP, 3x zoom, easy handling, good picture quality.
An eye catching camera body
Picture quality, size, easy of use
 Relatively Low Cost, quality pictures, easy to use.
Easy to use, good color quality, low price
small, simple, great features,wonderful camera!!!
Easy to use, with good quality prints.
Overall Good Camera for the $$
Picture Quality, Ease of use
Inexpensive, Good picture quality
quality, size, price
Outstanding combination of features and value. 
Small, reliable, versatile, easy to use.
Incredible picture quality, great options, ease of use, awesome close-ups
Good battery life, excellent picture quality. Zoom looking to be reliable.
Wow what a camera, easy to use, has some advanced functions, and it WORKS!!
Great quality photos... standard upgradeable smartmedia card memory...
Nice, easy to use camera
Low price (both new and now), optical zoom, superior lens
3x zoom,super clarity,1.6 inch lcd and the increadible 2.1 megapixels and the list continues on.....
Image Quality, 3X Optical Zoom, Design, Low Battery Usage, USB Connection
Ease of use. Good picture quality.  
Light, easy to use, crisp pictures, versatile
Lots of features for the money.  Great Pictures.
Light weight, 8MB starter card, optical 3x zoom
everything
Moderate Price, 1600x1200 capable, feature rich
Great little camera, sharp pictures
Simple to use. 2.1 megapixels.
This camera has an automatic viewer so you can delete unwanted/bad pictures.
Quick, easy to use camera.
Astonishing image quality, intuitive controls, range of features, small and compact
Great pictures, easy to use, lot's of bang for the buck
Great features for the price, easy to use.
Outstanding image quality, great range of features, very easy to use overall
Great Digital Camera For All
Excellent color, small and compact, batteries/charger included
small, VERY generous bundle, easy software, photo quality, ease of use
Good Price; 3X zoom; Loaded with Features; Very user-friendly
Good sized camera which comes with everything you need !
Compact 2mp camera.  Easy to use.  Good range of features
Size&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Picture quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Price&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ease of use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Rebate on add'l memory card.
small, easy to use, takes WONDERFUL pictures for the price.
Nice look. Easy for use. Nice price.
Lost of options for the money.
Great brand, great pictures, perfect size
Lots of Value for the Price! Zoom, Charger, Smartcard all come with Camera!
Easy to use, great pictures, great size
Great value...Packed with features...Easy to use...Large lcd screen...Sharp pictures
Compact but not too small.  Rechargeable Ni-MH batts included!
So easy to use; great picture quality
Excellent feature-set, great image quality, &amp;#147;out of the box&amp;#148; usability&amp;#13;&amp;#10; 
easy to use software, great storage capacity, drag and drop file transfer
ease of use; good pix
Small, lightweight, lots of extras found on more expensive cameras.
Small, light, excellent color reproduction, web cam, 20 sec video
Small and lightweight, reasonably priced, good quality, 20 second video
16 MB card, great quality, super-easy to use, video, pc-cam
Very Small.  Variety of camera settings.  Great color.
Great camera, great price, includes everything you need to get started!
Easy-To-Use, Many Features, Many Options, Rechargeable Longer-Lasting Batteries
Affordable, 3x optical zoom, excellent 4x6 prints without film
Small, Portable, Protects the lense while not in use, price
Great price, easy to use, takes good photo's. 
A feature packed camera without the large price-tag.
Compact, feature filled, outstanding digital clarity with webcam functionality. 
Easy To Use, Great Picture Quality, Optical and Digital Zoom, Great Value.
Digitally speaking: Very good quality camera.
Not bad price for a zoom camera
Price, Picture Quality, Short shutter lag.
Simple to use some good features
Great pictures of "still" subjects in natural light outdoors.
Good Picture Quality, Simple and Easy to Use, Tough and Priced Right.
This camera takes good pictures in the fine mood.  Easy to use and download.
Takes good pictures
Simplistic ease of use, Fuji rewards buyer with extras, good picture quality
Good price, decent quality, optical zoom
Great price for features
Generally good image quality, ease-of-use.
Excellent picture quality, very affordable, great in every way
takes excellent pictures; expandability; easy to use
Easy to use; very good image quality
Small Size great zoom easy to use
can take anywhere, anytime, anyplace
Ease of use for digital beginners; 16 MB Smartmedia card included
Style, picture quality, size, features, functions, and fun!
Excellent resolution; 16 MB card; rechargable batteries
Great price for 2 megapixel, optical zoom camera.
Great picture quality. Compact size.
Great,affordable digital camera. Easy to use.
Great image quality, easy to use, low cost for an optical zoom camera.
Easy to use, incredible macro, built in lens cover
Very easy to use Great pictures
More feature rich than most, for a 2.0 mega pixel camera.
Small size with an optical zoom
price, automation and picture quality
Good optical zoom, battery life and price.  Proven commodity.  
Easy Operation, Price, Looks, Great Shots
Good Quality Pictures. Easy to use. Price was great! 
Sliver housing, lens cover, small, only 6.5oz, picture quality, and price.
Very affordable with high image quality and features.
Easy to use, bright sharp LCD screen, very sharp pictures.
GREAT, CLEAR pictures, 16MB xD card, Easy modes, Optical Zoom, Features.
High Resolution, compact, affordable
Easy to Use, Price, Picture Quality
Great quality of pictures for a 2.0 mega pixel camera
Compact, great pictures, cheap
low price &amp; easy-2-use for a non-photographer
Easy to use.  Light.  Uses only 2 AA batteries
Great Quality, 2.0 Mega Pixel, Low Cost, Optical Zoom
Small design, standard batteries, optical zoom, excellent color and detail.
Picture Quality, Compact Size, and Ease-of-Use!
Easy to Use, Price, Size, Zoom Lens
Great for beginners!
3x Optical Zoom, Excellent Picture Quality, Awesome Battery Life.
most pictures come out well, looks, easy to use, great for kids &amp; beginners
Price, size, picture quality good for beginners 
Amazing features for the price and size, good warrantee repair service from Fuji
Excellent value, small size, macro feature
Good value; fast; zoom; uses AA batteries instead of expensive camera batttery. Veiwfinder and screen.
Price
A+ Clarity at top resolutions, many useful and easy settings, easy to learn, 16MB card
Great price, reasonable results
Inexpensive, high resolution, ultra-fast USB download
The camera is fairly easy to use.
easy to use, compact, good for beginner user, uses AA batteries
comes with 16MB card, autofocus, only uses 2 batteries, price
Easy to use,Great pictures
Optical zoom, good battery life, LCD screen
Great picture quality, compact and weighs only around 250 grams, many functions, 16 mb
takes great pictures with no learning curve
Small size, Zoom
Flash?
Easy to use, attractive, small &amp; light.
Good entry level digital camera with several manual features
Lightweight, 6X Optical zoom, takes excellent quality pictures
Great photo quality. Easy to use point&amp;shoot with nice zoom. Webcam
Light weight, compact, stylish, good value for the features, great pics.
Excellent photo quality and to be able to record your own movies!
6x Optical zoom; Great quality; Movie mode; Lightweight 
picture quality, 6x optical zoom, size
awesome picture quality, 6x optical zoom, video mode, manual controls
Ease of use, great pictures and looks hot
Cute camera, great color representation
Great optical zoom, easy menus, good quality
brilliant pictures - close up shots are crisp, clear. cute as hell
Great zoom, rechargeable batteries, wonderful quality
Excellent performance in well-lit scenes, price, resolution, features, easy to use
crystal clear pictures
6X Optical Zoom.  Easily connects to PC. Expandable Memory.  Professional Camera Feel.  
This camera takes excellent pictures and it's very easy to transfer them to the computer.
Compact, easy to use, great on-screen photos.
Superior outdoor pics quality in great light conditions, easy to operate, very user friendly.
great zoom lens
Small and compact. It has excellent 6 times optical zoom for price. Excellent photos.
great pictures, extra features, easy to use, and good software included
6x Zoom, , Commonly available media format , Takes amazing photos for 2 megapixel., Extra functionality 
Excellent quality and value for money. Easy to use and surprisingly robust. Good zoom.
Excellent features for the price, 6x optical zoom, Movie maker with sound.
compact, amazing quality, cheap
Price, 6x zoom, image quality
Small, durable design, 6x optical zoom, beautiful photo quality!
lightweight, easy to use, 6x optical zoom, optical viewfinder 
Ease of use, quality for price, Well balanced
Light weight, 6x optical zoom, easily connects to computers
Excellent photo quality, ease of use, EVF
very good optical zoom, very good picture quality even on 1M Fine resolution
How about a 6X optical zoom!!!
Good picture quality , great features. Easy to use. Excellent optical zoom. Records video w/audio.
6x zoom, lightweight, compact, great software 
Easy to use, great pictures, 6x zoom, Light weight, AA batteries, and intuitive menus , 
3 Mpixel CCD, excellent zoom lense, outsanding picture quality in auto mode.
Fast recycle time, 3Mpixel, thru-lens viewfinder, 6x zoom, software
zoom, price, image quality
EASY to use, great picture quality, EASY to use software included.
Awesome Performance, Excellent Pictures and Sharp Crisp Images, Great Tele-Photo
6x optical zoom, AA batteries, easy point and shoot mode.
Picture quality, zoom, large lcd
Ease of use and wonderful Pictures! Great pictures and easy to learn! 
lightweight and very reliable
Battery saver feature, 6x zoom, incredible!, Macro feature, nice!, Easy downloads, 30-60 sec movies WOW!
6X Optical Zoom, 3.3MP Images, Movie Mode with Sound, Fuji Brand
Very easy to use, good quality
Great performance for the price
ZOOM, dual LCD Displays, Great Menus, Can be fully manual but fully automatic, etc......
Uses AA batteries! Feels great in your hands. Good pictures.
6x Optical zoom, intuitive menus, viewfinder (day/dusk)
FinePix is right on the money
Good zoom
Easy and Fun to Use , great photo , and video quality  
Great resolution, excellent zoom
Up to 100 pictures per memory card., No more film developing!
great picture quality, good zoom, fast picture transfer.
The buttons are not confusing, and you can point and shoot with the camera
User-friendly. AA batteries. Great quality.
great quality,  takes video clips, easy to use,  nice zoom,  works like a HD. 
Easy to use - very logical buttons
Great Quality Photos, easy to use, comfortable in hand,lots of options!
Bang for the buck! Excellent image quality. 35MM "feel."
Easy to use, Excellent picture quality,
Clear pictures, easy to use, 6x zoom, cute
Great picture quality, easy to use.
Good quality for relatively low price.
Price, Quality, User friendly,light weight, great results.
Mega features, superb photos, user friendly software interface
Perfect for point and shoot and quality, too.
Compact unit with lots of features, and good for my work and home use. 
Good price, great zoom, SLR  "feel", good docs, lightweight, easy controls
Easy to hold, no motion while taking picture. Large font on menu &amp; LED 
View window, ease of use, clear pictures, 6x optical zoom
A decent preview screen, changeable storage media, multimedia capabilities, short video recording
Extremely high quality construction/high resolution/attractive
Sharp pics, plays mp3s, killer design
Sexy design, Image, Video &amp; Sound capture, small
Camera never worked long enough to list pros
Small enough to carry in a shirt pocket., Awesome clarity
MP3 player, video camera, remote
Size, List of features and looks
Eye appealing Camera, small and portable.
-ability to capture video, play mp3s, sleek and tiny unit
Excellent Photos, UltraCompact&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Durable, Sleek, with itegrated lens-cap &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Remote&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Size, feature set, 4.3 megapixel CCD
fit-shirt-pocket size, reasonable price, pop-up flash, all-aluminium body
Compact Ease-of-use Standard AA batteries
Great camera, easy to use, great price if you can find one
Easy use, pretty good resolution and zoom, movie mode
Full featured; very small package; fast; USB; movie mode
2xAAs,USB,NTSC Videos-sound, Semi pro, automatic lense cover,aluminium case
Practical controls, Excellent output.
Superior Camera
really good camera for both price &amp; size
Light weight, beautiful design, excellent build quality, simple to use
Great consistent pictures (as long as there's light), movie feature. 
Compact, good color and video, 2" LCD, 2 AA batteries, ease of use
Super image quality, small, light weight, good software
Fast, USB, great interface, movie mode, continuous shooting, LiIon AAs included
Full featured, easy to use
Many good features
High-quality images, logical placement of most controls, nice hand-held design.
small size, smart design
easy download of pictures, quality of pictures
Viewfinder; well designed
Design, short video, multi-feature flash, USB port
Small size, high quality printable images
avi
Many features, but easy to use
New Super CCD Technology
camera size,  photo quality
compact size and  good resolution 
easy to use, sharp pictures, good package
Quality of build, compact, ease of use, big 2&amp;quot; LCD display
size, great quality images, 16MB media card, several shooting modes, manual overrides available
Ability to capture 80 second videos.  Easy to use from novice to experienced photographer.  
Compact, fast, sleek, price, colors, battery, Ni-MH, features, 16MB, interface, LCD, protected-lens, 3x, movies!
nice looking, small size, speed, rechargeable batteries, ease of use, takes movies
good quality,short video recording,microphone
Speed, colors, size, batteries
all
Small lightweight, and easy... oh so easy to use!
Instant upload, lots of features/modes for price, incredible color capability, sexy design
Awesome design, solid construction, usb cradle
Excellent,sharp photos with great color saturation. Great Porsche body!
Small, lightweight and easy to use.
Very compact, light and robust, nice design, web camera function
Small and compact. Easy to use. Great looking.
Compact, Sharp 4 Mega Pixel file sizes, Great Features, Excellent outdoor shots.
Small. USB connector with craddle base&amp;#13;&amp;#10;JPEG Video capability
Lightweight, very high resolution and great color quality. Features galore for the prosumer type.
SLR features in a compact and attractive package.
4.3 Optics almost unobtainable elsewhere
Flash, compact, cute, nice pictures
for Look, Feel, and Functionality .. the best overall value in its price class.
Great value, powerful optical zoom, versatile functions, nicely balanced.
Affordable,lightweight,easy to use.
Excellent optics, SLR in digital is here now
Compact, Light weight, ease of use
Good quality digital photography, flexibility and software
OUTSTANDING resolution; ease of operation, light weight (compared to others)
Small; high-tech design; EVF/LCD; 
HIGH quality images, Light weight, Popup Flash, LCD
full control in manual mode, LCD viewfinder, lightweight.
Nice camera
Great size, docking station, decent zoom, simple options, good software
Excellent Colors, Decent Macro Photos, Very Compact and Quick to Launch
Best resolution below $3000
Features for size are top in class, not intimidating, skin tones and balance excellent
Great Clarity and Color, Ease of Digital Storage and Erasing
Great looks, great package, lots of things to play with...and it takes great pictures.
Nice upgrade to 4700 series, full-featured.
Color of my images is so vibrant
Great image, good video, good audio recorder, cradle is a nice touch.
Professional features; great quality: lightweight and handy.
ease of use, image quality, wide range of professional tools
6x optical zoom, manual focus, 3.3 megapixel superCCD sensor, lcd screen
Lightweight, excellent colors, sharpness, external flash hotshoe
6X optical zoom, great features
Incredibly sharp &amp; powerful (6X zoom)lens, comfortable to hold &amp; vivid colors
One of the best optical zooms &amp; easy to operate!
six times zoom, superb resolution and colour,full manual or full auto
Light weight, easy to use for pro/amateur. Great color and resolution.  adjustable modes
works like SLR. upgradeable. vivid, accurate colours. AC adapter included.
small &amp; lightweight SLR style cam, hundreds of features yet simple for beginners
FLEXIBILITY
Gorgeous, Full featured,You will never miss your 35mm SLR
Small size, standard AA batteries, web cam ability, lens cover, easy to use
Small, compact, durable, easy to learn, great pictures, great software
Great starter Camara!!  Good quality pictures considering the price!
Small in size, great picture taking ability
Good quality, very easy, compact, fast file transfer.
Great Quality Pictures for the price, Small and Compact, low price
Great photo quality.
Light weight, easy to use, simple connection to PC, Smart Media, Low price
Great photo quality for this level of camera.  Easy to use.
5 different flash modes, easy to operate, supplied storage disk
Price, ease of use, only uses two batteries
very good pictures very good price easy to use
Great price, high quality pictures, very fun to play with.
Photo quality, ease of use, LCD display, included 8MB Smartmedia card
Cheap, Easy To Use, Good Picture Quality
Compact, lighweight, lots of feature for base model
Easiest camera 
Easy to use, quality pictures for a small and compact camera.
Good image quality, small
Cheap, quality pictures, easy to use, very portable
Inexpensive, easy to use
The FinePix A101 is small, lightweight , and easy to use.  
Price, picture quality, ease of use
Small, easy to use, good picture quality, cheap, and readily available.
Great picture
GREAT PICTURES. THEY ARE SO CLEAR. 
Compact Size, Zoom, small memory card, nice and clear images
Relatively inexpensive, easy to use, simple Finepix software
Ease of use, light weight, movie mode, 2 mega pixel capability, runs on 2 AA's
Amazing Picture Resolution, Long Battery life (2AA), Great options, Low Price
Reasonably priced, uses AA batteries and easy to use. 
Affordable price and lots of features; PC cam and video capabilities; Small and light
Excellent picture quality. Compact size., Easy to use!
Small, Easy to use, Really clear pictures
User friendly, even my 6 year old can use it.
Compact, easy to use digital takes terrific photos
This camera is compact, easy to use,has very good photo quality, and is inexpensive!
Easy to use, has zoom lens, hold a lot of pictures.
Size, Price, Ease of use, Photo Quality
small size, 3+ megapixels, easy to use, AA batteries, price, performance
Good size. Easy interface.
Easy to use with nice photo quality!
Small, easy to use, reasonable price
3x optical zoom, many camera features
good pic quality, easy to use, user-friendly computer software
Great all-aluminum construction, compact size, fantastic image quality and great body design.
Size and Best resolution you can get today (8/02) for under $450.
Small size, light weight, great photos, great video
Colour quality, 640x480 video, small size, docking cradle
Size, color quality, Options, Battery.
Sturdy Housing, Very Versatile, Uses SmartMedia cards, Great Value!
Good pictures!
Solid,good quality images,fast recycle,easy to use,good range of exposure modes.
Great exposure control and contrast, good manual controls
Quality Pictures; Video Recording; Build Quality; Compact; Extras
Good Pix, Video with Audio, Output to TV, Web-cam, File copy
Simple to Use; Affordable
Excellent price and great quality
easy to use, self focusing, timer
Easy to use and sturdy.
Small, light, easy to use
great price, great value, great product
small, light, easy to use
fast, and east.  Makes less waste
cost, picture quality, numerous features (like flash options etc)
Outstanding pictures outdoors, nice colour, handy user interface
Easy to use great quality pictures and inexpensive compared to others out there
Nice Pictures, Small, Easy to Use
Cheap high performance
Great features for price. Very easy to use.  Small and lightweight.
Cost, Size, interface
Great camera for the money
cost, picture quality
Cheap
Easy to use, reasonable price, decent picture quality
Durable construction, good battery life, simple operation, photo quality is EXCELLENT for this price range!
Nice inexpensivce digital camera, takes nice pictures
Easy to use and small enough to go in my pocket!
Compact, Great LCD Screen, Good with Battery Life
takes nice photo's, LCD screen, easy to operate.
mx-1200.it gives excellent pictures and very easy to use..a wonderful camera for the price.
Great pictures, easy to use, good exposure/color control.
Great image quality, high-resolution color LCD screen, menu-driven selection system, multitude of flash and exposure settings
great price and free accessories w/high resolution
easy to use, best camera for the money
IS SMALL SIZE AND AND FLOPPY DISK OPTION EXCELLENT QUALITY.
Multi uses
Small, easy to use, easy to transfer photos, great quality
Easy to use
No More Film Processing
Small size, picture size for the money
Simple navigation
great price for what you get, quality, ease of use
affordable and great quality
Great pix, easy to use
cost
GREAT camera for the price!  Takes nice pictures.
Easy directions, great size
Instant Pictures &amp;amp; Not having to pick up pictures...
lightweight, easy use
Nice price, easy to use, decent pictures, battery life
good quality
great pictures, and low money, depending on the person
Inexpensive, Great quality, Easy to use
light, cheap, reliable
I love this entry level digital camera. The pictures are noticeably sharper than the Olympus d-340r (the next camera in its class). My best advice is if you want an entry level digital camera like I did, buy this one. If you want to spend more, buy a more 
Ease of use and great pictures
So easy to use
Cheap and small
Easy to use
good quality pictures, compact design
Size, picture quality ease of use for beginners, price, versatility, etc...
Size and price.
Great Price, 2X Zoom, Many picture quality options
Great resolution, features &amp;amp; price
Photo Quality, Size, and Price
Cheap, easy to use, good flash
easy to use, sleek, cheap
Awesome price/performance!
Good price, good pictures.
many
Photo Quality, SmartMedia Compatable, ease of use, battery life
Small, inexpensive, easy to use, doesn't drain batteries as quickly as some other digital cameras
Great pictures!
Small size, great images, expandability
Decent color
Quality and Value
Inexpensive for features included
Inexpensive, user friendly, great quality shots.
good value, easy to use, good battery life
Cost
cheap, easy to use
Lightweight and small
Great quality pics. Very easy to use.  No mistakes
Easy to use, clear pictures, inexpensive
Easy to use, small, and a good size LCD.
Easy to use, well designed, cheap
Great value in its price range!
Ultra high resolution, clear sharp pictures
Very nice resolution and tones, fair price at $2500 good entry system for studio photography
Photo Quality, resolution, easy to use, SLR!!, Nikon Lenses, WOW!
great quality, ease of use
Superior photo quality, price, accepts Microdrives, battery life, Nikon compatible
Very easy to operate, lightweight, superb image quality...
3.4 Megapixel (6.1 million megapixel interpolated images)  Interchangeable lenses, built in flash &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
technology, cool features
Pros: Not too heavy; reasonably fast focus, little lag time between triggering and image capture specially with preview screen off
A very inexpensive, professional camera
Excellent image quality, colour rendition is the best
Great quality, light, easy to carry, good battery life
Super zoom, great action photography, and the best digital movies ever.
Fantastic picture quality, easy to use once you learn the controls
Unique features, movie mode, dual media, functionallity
6X zoom, superb 3 megapixel image quality, excellent movie mode, dual media storage capability, 
Great pictures both indoor &amp; out, better value compared to same megapix cameras
Excellent picture quality, Superb function list
Way too many to list here, read my review.
easy to use 
Some good package deals out there
Zoom and focus by adjusting lens manually; Great on-screen menus and lots of controls
Excellent control over the photographic process, awesome video and macro
High quality camera, with great features, for the price.
Extremely feature rich, excellent photo quality, and 6x optical zoom!
Easy to Use, High quality shots, great zoom
picture &amp; build quality. speed. video quality
Great photos, cool features, easy to use, very versatile
Outstanding movie mode; easy out-of-box experience
SLR feel, long zoom, macro, user-friendly
1.Superb quality photographs, 2.Logical ergonomics, 3.Classy look and feel
Excellent optics, TONS of features for any skill level, very attractive
At current prices, a great deal. Sharp, fast and flexible. View A Sample!
Excellent camera.  Great Price
Easy to use, packed with features, nice grip and heft, great zoom, high quality photos.
Excellent picture quality, easy control manipulation. NOT A POWER HOG with 2200 NiMH rechargeable batteries!
Lightweight, great pictures, easy to learn, add-ons not necessary, genuine SLR look and feel
Hi resolution, quick, feature packed, video, value, different storage mediums useable, ease of use
Excellent output (9x7in @ 300dpi), Insane number of features
Build quality, features, feel
Excellent images, complete exposure control, feels good to use.
A great small good quality camera.
small camera with excellent picture
zoom lens, long battery life
Neat compact easy to use
Compact, dynamic interface, decent features.
Pros: The price is right,usually under $300.00. The camera is very easy to operate. All controls are on a dial and easy to understand. Especially like the upload from the camera. The pictures  come up on thumbnails and you can look at them all before savin
Good value, good quality pics, great chassis
good image quality, uses near indestructible smartmedia
Small, Great pics, good battery life
Picture quality is A+
Combines high quality photos with maximum portability
small, great design, quality pictures
small size, stylish, excellent outdoor photos, li-ion battery, 
Quality, Size, Image quality, Lens, Software
Cheap
Lots of functions, Good picture quality. Small and light 
Good image quality, High resolution, Simple to use, Small size makes it very portable
User-friendly, 2.3 MegaPixel, Fun
easy to use, compact, excellent photo quality
Excellent picture quality, camera is light and compact
price, size, quality
Small size, easy use, built-in lens cover 
Small, light, easy to use, Lithium battery,nice MACRO possibillity
great pictures, easy to manage
Refer to this epinion.
Picture Quality and Size, Memory,  Screen, Small Size, Coolness
Look, fun to use, easy to learn, okay quality pictures
Compact, easy to use, packaged software bundle
Small,  cheap, and photo-quality for PC &amp;amp; Mac
small, convenient, sleek, very good picture quality, 2.3 megapixels
Small, Lithium battery, Great colours
Pocket size, great outdoor pics, rechargeable battery
size, ease of use, 
Just about everything- quality, result, ease of use, looks.
Great camera
Small size, easy to recharge, metal case
Quality of pictures,battery,price
Great TIFF's,Hot Shoe,Optical Zoom,2.3M-pixels
Good amount of features, good battery life
VERY easy to use.  High image quality.
Good price, feature-rich, ext. flash hot-shoe
Handles like a 35MM and has the best color results and sharp images.  Has manual mode for better images.
A lot of features, extras, flexibility and good picture quality for the money
Color accuracy, sensitivity, price
External Flash, Manual Mode, front access
easy to use
Excellent quality pictures
excellent quick TIFF, easy of use, good battery
Retains some of the traditional SLR styling
Produces the best among digital photos of the same resolution taken by other digital cameras.
great pictures, compact size, now realatively inexpensive
simple to use, eye catching looks, macro shooting 
Looks like a film camera, convenient, great results
square format
easy to use, takes great point and shoot pictures, easy software installation and functionality, battery lasts long, good controls
Good quality photos, easy to use, ideal for the beginner
light, uses AA batteries, up to 16MB flash, floppy adaptor available for flash, macro and digital zoom
Easy to use for beginners, Macro zoom
Quality pictures, compact, easy to use
Good picture quality; compact
Great resolution and image quality
decent quality, good overall value
small, long lasting battery.
Size, photo quality and powerful battery
Pocket-sized, does the trick in most cases.
Small and Light
size, tons of features, good warranty
Small, sleek design, clear crisp pictures
Ease of use, image quality
size, low cost, ease of use, peripherals
sharp details, instant satisfaction
Great Features and Quality from Fuji
Easy to learn and use
BIG storage, easy fold up
Comes with Infant Seat and Base
Easy, Convenient, Lightweight
Price, Looks, Durability. 
Easy to use, quick to fold, great infant seat, seems sturdy
Lightweight, easy to fold down, large storage area, parent and child cup holders
Lightweight, easy to use
Lightweight, everything works together, collapsable with one hand!
Great value for the price; user-friendly system; car seat easily attaches to shopping carts
Versatile and grows with baby
lightweight, inexpensive
lightweight and fairly compact
Lightweight, Attractive
Light weight, durable, 1 child and 2 adult cupholders, easy to maneuver.
Easy to fold, quite compact(when folded), convenient
Smooth ride, easy folding
wonderful in every way
Car seat fits on the stroller
easy
Rides nice, looks nice, infant seat fits in my small back seat
inexpensive, easy to manoeuvre, light weight
Comfortable, affordable, durable  compact for travel    
Light weight,One handed folding,, Generous storage basket 
Easy to use and lightweight
easy gliding,folds to fit places,has a carseat handy
Rolls when pushed. Easy grip handle for easy fold up. Has basket on bottom to hold diapers and stuff.
cost, size, convenience
Easy to break down
Collapses really easily
very easy to use
carseat, basket on the bottom, cup holders, play tray, easy removal of the carseat for bigger kids to sit in the stroller and it rides so smooth
So easy to use.  I love this thing.
Lots of cup holders, lightweight, one handed folding
Safe, durable, comfortable, with warranties.
one handed folding; pretty light
easy to use, very sturdy
Lightweight, affordable
Price and lasts long
New cup holders and easier to open
Car seat, carrier and stroller in one!
Fairly light stroller.  Easy folding and sturdy.
Gets you where you need to go, pivoting front wheels, 3 position adjustable seat
cheaper, comfortable
Very durable
lightweight
light weight
Lightweight, easy to fold, lots of storage.  
Easy to fold
Inexpensive, good feature set for price, large storage capability
3 position seat, huge canopy, large storage space
Easy to fold, lightweight, lots of cup holder, front feeder tray, big basket
the navy color of the frame
Lightweight, easy to fold
Easy to open and close
great value, great features, just all around greatness
light weight, stylish, 3 position recline, fully reclines, one-hand folding, parent tray, large storage basket
easy to fold and open, car seats snap in and come out easy
A mother's savior!
Two recline seats and a matching car seat included.
Stylish, comfy for newborns and older kids, easy to clean.
Easy fold and great safety featured
Sits 2 kids comfortably, easy to turn, narrow, tandem seating.
Roomy, easy to turn sharp corners, comfy
Very easy to handle.Large storage space and leg room.
Low price for so much. Lots of room.
Ease of use, versatile
It's great for sleeping babies.
easy to manuver, easy to fold and unfold, comes with carrier 
It's a travel system for two!!
Easy to open and collapse. Seems durable. Easy to maneuver
Two seats, one with full recline, each with their own canopy.  Infant car seat included.
Perfect for "growing" families
Both seats recline, easy to use
one-hand folding / light weight / versatile wheels / 2 trays
Good outweighs the bad/
Easy to fold up, durable frame &amp; wheels, lots of accessories
All in one systems, durability, and easy to use
Easy storage and easy to manuver. VERY durable!!
convenience,affordable,easy storage,comfortable
Very versatile, light weight
easy setup, lots of storage
Sturdy, classy, shopping bag space, convenient for getting baby from carseat to stroller without disturbance.
Easy to use, no waking baby up, big wheels
Double canopy with see-thru window on stroller canopy, wheels lock for safety, good storage basket.
Easy to maneuver, handy storage tray, large basket, easy one-hand folding mechanism
easy to fold, sturdy, cup holders and carrier
Easy fold, infant seat carrier, cup holders and parent tray.
Infant seat attachable, great for off road use
Lightweight, removable beverage trays, very maneuverable
&lt;b&gt;Babies will be crusin in his baby&lt;b&gt;
Lots of storage space&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Cup Holders&amp;#13;&amp;#10;1 Handed Fold-up
Lightweight, roomy basket, child tray and cupholder, easy recline
Attractive, easy to use, inexpensive, less bulky
Easy to steer, easy to fold &amp; unfold lots of storage.
Safe! Simple! Cheap!
Light weight,opens and closes easy,smooth ride,great steering,good breaks,carrier nice,extra bases available.
Spacey-great for big trips &amp; amusement parks, easy transition from car to stroller.
durable, lightweight, easy to handle, converts from infant to toddler stroller
Large basket, cute print hides spills, double front wheels, lots of cupholders
Lightweight (considering the product).  Easy to fold.  
Easy Turning
Great extras. Durable.
Wonderful stroller, easy to use, easy to steer and lasts for the long haul
Easy to maneuver, very lightweight
Easy to use
Convenience, Easy turning
It is convienant for transporting a newborn
Easy to maneuver, light weight, easy to fold up and back out, parent cup holders, plenty of storage.
Easy to glide
easy to wash padding, easy to use
An inexpensive versatile choice
Simplicity Simplicity Simplicity
Baby not disturbed. Easy to use.
convenience and lightweight
nice the first 3-4 months
Base in car makes for easy car seat insert and removal
Can use for infants to toddlers 40lbs
Ease of use
Lightweight, Easy to Use, Inexpensive
Low cost and light weight
lightweight, one-handed, all-in-one system
What a great improvement from the strollers my other kids had.  
Can use with newborn, can shield child from the sun well, appropriate for rough terrain
Very easy to use 
The Graco name, 1 year warr, ease of use, price, durability, bases avail at GracoBaby.com
This system makes going anywhere with the little one simple in many different ways.
Light, easy to fold up, easy to maneuver with one hand.
Very convenient, especially for infants.  Very durable.
Car seat is excellent, very sturdy, stroller works well for a baby.
Lite-weight, easy to use, great for infants to toddlers, durable
comfortable, nice looking and easy to use
sturdy, convenient
easy fold up and storage, soft ride for baby
The stroller is light but very well made.  It is very easy to use.  
easy to use
Smooth ride, Comfortable for  baby,lightweight
easy of use, sturdy, convenient
Car seat snaps right into stroller so baby stays undisturbed
Easy-to-use, good value
Sturdy, Easy to open and close, Convenient
durable, lightweight, a car seat-stroller-and -basket in one, classy, easy to fold, a great price
convenient, safe carseat, comfort
Lightweight, Easy maneuverability, easy fold-up
sturdy, good features
good car seat, infant carrier
Very easy to use
Convenient, easy to use
carseat, stroller, drinktray, good cornering
easy to use, smooth ride
Good for letting sleeping babies lie
ease, convienence
Sturdy, user-friendly, convenient removable infant seat
It is very comfortable and easy to use and setup.
the big wheels don't get stuck
Baby sleeps through a variety of moves.
User friendly, convenient features
carseat easy to manage
Lightweight, nice colors
Easy to use, Baby can sleep in carseat and move to stroller!
convenience, ease of use
Nice design, great value.
did not have to wake a sleeping baby!!
Very versatile
safety, folding convenience, sturdy feel
Travel system, comfy, rides nice
Easy, inexpensive, no polka-dots
The price.
smooth ride, easy to open/close
**WONDERFUL** coach and a reasonable price!!
Smooth ride/big wheels.  Convenient.  Can install a second base in another car to make sharing the car seat between 2 cars easy to install.
Steers great
Multi-position seat and footrest, large storage basket, easy fold, lightweight
Great price, easy to use
Very durable, easily snaps in and out of car, high handle on stroller and large carry basket                        
Has every feature imaginable! 
The car seat can't be beat
Nice colors
Huge storage space, big wheels make travel through parks easy
Comfortable, stylish, folds easily, huge storage
having a car seat and stroller in 1 purchase
3 cupholders, it is a stroller/carseat/carrier
Large wheels, convenience
Large wheels,  Snack trays, lots of storage, and has a high push bar.
All-in-One Design, Ease of use, Lots of Extra's.
Lightweight, 2-in-1, padded, easy storage, and many other things.
none
Very lightweight and folds and unfolds easily - even with one hand!
Easy to use,light,big storage basket
Good quality, many reclining positions
easy to use
easy to use, fold, wash and comfortable for child
easy to fold, fits in small spaces, lightweight, easy to maneuver
Very Light Weight, Easy To Open
Great and light weight
4 in 1  system, big tires, easy to fold, ample space
Lightweight, Easy to fold, stylish
sun canopy attached to carseat, can use with or without carseat base
Very easy to to use 
Easy, strong and dependable
Easy to open and close
convenience
Lightweight
Roomy, sturdy, convenient snack area, large storage basket
Smooth ride
easy to use, lightweight, practical
Good to look at, easy to handle
adequate storage, easy to use, big wheels
big wheels,easy steering
Durable, Long Lasting!
easy to fold, light, convenient, sturdy
Convenient, durable, easy to wash
great for the price
Versatility
convenient
Light, easy steering
Very sturdy, versatile, nice extras
EASY to use, lightweight
Convenient,having the car seat and stroller in one
Light-weight stroller when compared to most.  Easily maneuverable in tight spaces.  Folds easily.
THE Complete system: car-seat, infant carrier, infant &amp; toddler stroller. Easy to use.
Easy to use combination of car seat and stroller; comfortable for baby.
 15 pounds, 1-hand fold, parent/child cupholders, adjustable handle height.
Lightweight and perfectly simple to collapse for storage.
light, good looking, parent tray, height adjustment
VERY light, attractive patterns, stands when folded, adjustable handlebar
lightweight, neat fabric patterns, folds easily, 
Lightweight and stylish. Nice parent tray.
Too many to list!
So Light!!!
Lightweight, easy to fold, compatible with infant car seat
Stylish, big basket, cupholders for everyone, lightweight
light-weight, small, separate car seat attaches/detaches easily, very small collapsed state, adjustable handle.
turns on a dime, very lightweight, doesn't take up a lot of space
Extremely lightweight, attractive, and durable. Adjustable height handlebar. One-handed folding.
Lightweight, convenient
Very lightweight, large canopy, cool pattern
VERY lightweight and portable, but doesn't skimp on features.
Lightweight, cupholders, nice basket, low price, snack tray, can be used with infant carrier/carseat
Lightweight and stylish
5 point harness on both car seat and stroller, all in all a good system
Very sturdy. Comes with a infant car seat and has a compartment for parents.
convenient, one hand fold, lightweight
Lightweight, easy to open and close
5 point harness, nice canopy, easy to fold/unfold, lots of storage space, very comfy looking seat
Affordable
Easy to open/close, 5-point harness
One-handed folding is a breeze!
Great sturdy design; Easy assembly; Excellent quality; Comfortable for baby; Convenient to carry
Sturdy, easy to use, safe
Easy to Collapse, Looks Great, Smooth Ride &amp; Cupholders too!
Quick print-time! Rich colors!
Quick printing, good quality printing, reliable, printer lets you know when you need ink cartridge
Great value to price, quality, speed, reliability
Fast, High quality
It prints pretty good
excellent quality, quick and quiet
Quick Printing, Easy Set up, Great on screen help
Finest Quality; Fast Print Speeds; Quiet; Reliable; 4 Independent Ink Cartridges
Very fast, nice photo quality.
Fast, Quality Printing; Easy to Use; Paper never jams
Good quality, reasonably quick unless printing complex/multicolored documents.
Super fast printing, separate ink cartridges.
It's Hewlett Packard
Fantastic; quiet, smooth, fast and&amp;#13;&amp;#10;great clarity in the larger formats
Wide Format printing up to 13x19, fast, heavy duty, well-built
Speed,print quality,robust build. Economical ink system
Excellent speed, awesome quality print outs
Well built; economical; good output.
Great printing.
Output sizes, print quality, cartridge design, LCD status, overall feel, tech support
Paper sizes, B&amp;W photo printing, raw speed
Great when it works, Great in handling multiple paper sizes.
Great print quality , 4 Individual ink cartridges , Large format capabilities , Good customer phone support
Great color, long lasting toner
Cheap maintenance and toner, inexpensive buy-in, very hardy and fast
Awesome color prints
plan on toners lasting 8,000 to 12,000 copies, little or no maintenance
FAST, Excellent Color/Black Print Quality.
price, quality
Fast, great color and print quality
Good print quality, good speed
quality, capacity, versatability
Beautiful output
Great print quality, low cost of ownership
Fabulous output
Good color reproduction
dwedwe
Outstanding quality, speed, features, warranty...
colour quality, speed
Great color
Fantastic Color Output
Quality, user friendly, cost of consumables
Beautiful Sharp color, and BW.  Fast printing times, and consistent quality.
Built like a brick.  You'll need a hammer to break it.
Beautiful Color, prints quickly once it's warmed up.  Low price for a commercial printer.
Fast, color matching is perfect, user-friendly 
Economical and Versatile, High quality color output with high capacity toner packs! 
Excellent Print Quality!
It's an HP! Works well, great output!
Great prints for the money, reliable, easy installation
Ink Cartridges LAST
excellent vivid output and peppy for a color laserjet
Inexpensive, nice print quality and quiet
Great Print Quality, Fantastic speed, Makes Photos that are better the 35mm Prints !
Very Quiet, basic paper feed OK, cheap unit for the paper sizes it can handle
Large format paper handling capabilities, high resolution
Smooth design. Quiet operation. Easy to use.
Can print Large paper, Excellent quality, Great Software, Also has a straight paper path option
Hey NICE printer
Prints PostScript, Large Format Capacity
speed, document size
Print quality and speed
Easy to set up, nevers jams, very fast, quiet, best value for the money
ink cartridge lasts a long time
aesthetics, document size, speed, quality
USB Setup - a bear!
Quiet, great photos, fast, good software driver, excellent HP support
Best Quality and Speed for Tabloid Size Prints under $500
speed, photorealistic quality, price, low running cost, fabulous looks
Wide format, Easy to use, Professional image quality, Excellent price to performance ratio, Stylish
Price, quality, ease of use
Good quality, nice picture, jam free, fair price.
Compact, Lightweight, Quality Printing
Fast, small, affordable
Value, light, small, resolution and versatility, simple installation and use, low price
light, quiet, quality photo printing,  this one more like a Honda than a Jeep
Inexpensive.  Easy to use. Prints well.
Low Price, Standard Printing, Photo Compatable, great value! Must buy.
Inexpensive and good for basic home printing needs
Cheap and compact, simple
Inexpensive and Compact
Excellent quality, speedy printing, low cost
cheap
Fast printing, easy set-up, cheap ink.
Very good quality, very cheap price.
Nice prints, cheap, reliable, lots of replacement cartridges available
Relatively fast, decent photo quality
Cheap
quality, ease of use
Low cost, small size, lightweight, fast
Fast, brilliant printing.  Easy, quick set up
Reliable, high-quality printing at a bargain.
Whatever...
Prints well when it does print and color is good.  
Inexpensive, small form factor / footprint, relatively simple paper feed
Very great quality, speed correct.
EXCELLENT print quality, GREAT print speed, HP name
Great text, good photos, accurate color, ink goes a long way, and prints pretty quietly
Very easy to use, great resolution, pretty quick.
HP dependability, quality output.
Cheap, space saving, good quality prints.
HP name, very nice print quality, both black and white and color, reasonably priced
Wow! Awesome quality, HP name, fast, USB and Parallel capable.
Fast, Reliable, Cost, and Print Quality!
Nice performance, relatively compact, reasonably priced.
Clear printing quality, smooth paper loading, great price
Great Quality, wonderful appearance, compact.
Compact, cost-effective, EXCELLENT quality and resolution
Size, easy installation, lots of print options. Great Value!
Easy Setup, Good Quality Print, Reasonable price
Excellent print, exceptional color printing, quiet when printing,&amp; fast
Wonderful quality, Inexpensive, Compact , , * Printer Software CD 
Great picture quality
cheap!  It's ink tanks are huge! Great photo-quality
Affordable.  Good Quality.
Low price but with very good printing specs. including 4800 x 1200 Photo printing
prints good black and white 
Excellent image quality, easy to set up with Windows 2000
cheap, good quality, fast.
Inexpensive, great text, reliable, space saving design, ink lasts long
Nice Price, Quick Non Color Printing, 4800x1200 Optimized dpi, Space Conservation, Windows XP Compatible.
Great for any type of paper
Cost Effective
Its a printer, inexpensive
long lasting
Small Size, BIG Capabilities
better than no printer at all.
Cheap
Compact size
Cheap, good quality, small size
Cheap, will get the job done
ease of use, room saver
cost
The cost
multiple functions
prints fairly well
Portable, inexpensive.  Easy to use.
better than nothing at all
1.great quality 2.cheap price 3.compact
Design was a nice idea
High quality black text and Color printing.  Easy setup.
Cheap, excellent print quality for text and photos!, borderless prints, low profile
Lovely, vivid pictures! Very fast drafts printing.
Speed, Speed, Speed and not at the cost of quality or ink
HP Quality
Great Quality, Quiet Operation, Looks Cool, Auto-Paper-Type really works
Solid performance, excellent color, super support
Long Lasting Photo-Ink, Cheaper Black Cartridge, 4800X1200 Resolution.
Great Quality, Quiet Operation, Looks Cool, Auto-Paper-Type really works
Looks VERY cool, prints fast, OSX compatible, inexpensive
Excellent High Quality, 6 color Photo Printing, reasonably priced. 
Price, quality, speed
great photo and text quality, photo cartridge
Unmatched Print Quality, Vibrant Colours, Decent Speed, Easy Setup, Nifty Features, Hp Quality, Price
Great price, picture printing quality
Excellent Print Quality
Easy to use, with excellent results. Reliable. Many time saving features. 
very fashionable design(it looks expensive!)
Looks cool, great price, print photos!
Price, good quality prints
Affordable, quick, stylish and, most importantly, great photo printing. Can't beat it for the price.
Good quality black and white.
Nice looking design, Super easy to use, easy to install
Excellent photos
Loads and distributes Quickly
Cheap.
EXCELLENT printing, nice design, fast, &amp; quiet.
Fast, clear printing. Easy USB support.
Jetsons Styling, High Print Quality, Mini-Me Cartridges
Excellent quality prints., Easy to install.
Price, easy set up, excellent print quality
A Good Home Use Printer Backed By HP Quality And Support
Price, photo print quality, ease of use
Excellent printing quality, photo quality great, easy setup, ink nonfading for 73 years! 
Inexpensive, 6 color printing
prints fast, ink lasts a long time, visually pleasing
Price, durability, looks, finish, print quality, speed, malfunction recovery,quiet.
Good quality and speed for everyday jobs.
Great quality prints, easy to install, looks cool
Good Speed , Excellent Quality, Nice Look, 
The distinctive look
Great value, many features
Easy to use, fast, quiet, low profile, fairly versatile.
Free, Ink lasts, easy use and configuration
Good Price
Great print quality, low price
Affordable, good quality
Great Name
great quality for the price
it's an HP
Reliable, Easy to setup, Acceptable print quality. 
used to make really good copies
Everything
Cheap price, easy to install, cartridges are easy to change
Works for years with normal use.  Prints text and basic color projects adequately.
good quality and reliable
cheap, color and black at the same time
Great picture and text
Low - price, good output
good quality
Low ink usage, Decent prints at 600X600 dpi
Low cost, well made
Nothing
the actual printer is cheap
Good price, clear color
price
Does a good job!
Low Cost, High Quality 
nicely priced, color prints are very nice
great price
fast, good quality, cheap, reliable name brand
Good price, Good quality, Dual Ink Cartridges
decent print quality
Low cost, good print quality
Price and production for light use is great, heavy use-could be better
price
Inexpensive,  reliable
Quiet, plain paper, color printer
text, ease of hookup and installation
Print quality, Initial cost, Ease of operation
Has lasted a few years
3-6 Refills For Only $38.00!!
good cost
speed, quiet, print quality
stylish, work great
Contoured Design, Print Rate
Good photo quality and images overall, cheap
Dual cartridge unit, (Black/Color), can use a photo cartridge.
Great price, HP reliability
Low Cost, good black text printing
affordable, versatile, quick with text
When it works, it's OK
prints like a pro, easy to set up
Simple, easy to use
Affordable, Fast black printing
Came free with my computer, works OK
Very inexspensive
Price, ease of use, quality of construction and printing
good price, easy to use
Good text printing
cheap, good quality
Print Quality
good only if you want to print letters or simple reports in black ink.
cheap, reliable, dual cartridge
cheap, reliable, easy to use
Works well
Low price, high Value.  Good black and white quality.
Cheap, Color, Economic Ink feature
reasonably priced,easy setup,works with anything
Clear, sharp text printing in black ink and reasonably priced.
Good paper feed
none
In-expensive
Great Quality, Print Cartridges Last A LONG Time
Print quality is OK
inexpensive
easy to use, low price, decent quality
Brand reputation, clear printing
none
Nice colour printing
Customer service was helpful, cheap
Excellent product and reliability
High Quality, Good Price, Lasts a Long Time
Outstanding print quality, unbeatable price.
The cost for a great product, ease of use, and customer service.
Price, picture, look, everything!
ink cartridge, paper alignment 
Does the mechanical functions of its job correctly
Easy to use, great quality. Quick printing
Fast, friendly, affordable
The draft quality mode is pretty fast, but the ink bleeds everywhere...
Prints very clean copy!
Inexpensive and quiet
Inexpensive and quiet
Solid, Nice looking output, USB
Good Print Quality for the money
A small affordable color printer that is easy to set up and use.
Cheap.
fast and quiet
great value at a low price
Great Price!
Great quality, Good drivers, looks kinda cool, USB *or* parallel connection, Mac compatibility, Bigass ink cartridges last a long time, HP reliability, very very good deal.
USB Support, cheap price up front...
Cheap! Color. Same look and feel as other HP DeskJets
Great quality color and black and white printing for a really good price
Nice Body, easy to install, clear, bright colors.
Came free with my iMac, so the price was right!
Widely supported, Consistent Quality, Prints envelopes and supports fan-fold paper
Prints clearly, easy to use, easy to load the paper into.
Economically priced.
It never makes a blob, is economical to use, the ink lasts long and it hardly ever has paper jams. 
Excellent black/white and color printing, Stellar performance/price ratio
great price
Efficient, clear
Inexpensive printer from a great company
long life, ink cartridges last long
Exceptional quality, very versatile,very affordable
Reasonable price, crisp colors, okay speed, very quiet
compact
low priced
Cheap, compatible with most computers
good quality,good speed,competitive price,excellent properties and services
cheap refurbished ink save lots of money over time
It will handle most small office needs
holds both color and black cartridge, price, envelope feeder
easy to use, great quality
Easy to use and good text printing
Good sized, separate ink cartridges
Price vs. Quality is superior!
many
No paper jams. Excellent support. Good price.
Good quality
easy setup, good quality of printing
long lasting ink cartridges, good printing output
affordable, good for printing text
Very Clear Precise Printing
 love the color accuracy
good sized, fairly quiet
Quality printing affordable price.  supplies easily obtained and replaced
A work horse, at a fair price...
cheap
quick, easy to use, dependable
Low Price, Brand name and Reliability
Holds a lot of paper, easy to use, versatile
Reliable, Clear, Easy to use
prints  kinda fast
good quality printing
easy to use, quality projects
not too expensive, clear &amp;amp; sharp printing
Easy to Use, Easy to Set Up
inexpensive
nice quality of prints
Quiet, fast, good quality
cheap
Great Color &amp;amp; Printing
Text output is sharp, color pictures are good.
Reliability
good quality, decent speed
Came with computer, good black ink printing, quick black ink print time
Good text quality, works in DOS also.
sturdy, sharp bright colors, inexpensive
Not too pricey
fast, durable, easy to use
NONE
Cheap
Easy To Use/ Color/ Durable
Quick
Prints fast, medium quality, low price.  Good for those who print once every 2 or 3 days to once a week.
Ink cartridge life
Great Printer
Great Print Quality
Quick to print
Easy to install, has performed flawlessly for 3 + years now.
was good at first
Price
good for text documents, banners, small projects
good quality, fast, easy
Modern looking
None.
Cheap, Nice Color Output, Fairly Fast
I works for home use
Cheap; works ok
photo-layering inexpensively, quiet
easy to use, great quality
Best Color Prints ever
Inexpensive, great quality, doesn't guzzle ink
fast enough, good color, cheap
Very quiet
high quality, quality printing in color and black and white, increase printer cartridge volume
Fast, crisp and clear printing
The HP 712c is a great product for the money.
great printer, quality
clear pictures, fast
Easy Installation. Love the power cable.
nice print quality
great quality, easy setup
Cheap, good prints, easy to use, can take a beating
very good printer
Speed and Quality
High-quality printing, good reliability
great quality, decent price
600 dpi in black and white, PhotoREt II color
Speed, Quality
Great quality and price
decent printer
quality output, silent
Inexpensive, superb image quality, fast printing, very quiet.
lots of features for good price
Works quickly
affordability
great value, crisps black print, near photo quality color prints
Dependable, clear, moderately fast
color &amp;amp; black cartridges, good price
very fast printer
quiet and efficient
Compact, Quiet, Clean print both black and white and color
quality
Reliable and inexpensive
Ease of setup, use.
Great Color.  Great Price
Excellent printing, uses plain paper, doesn't get hung up
easy to use and install, software that comes with it, not too expensive
Speed, quality of printing
ease of use, quality, price
never jams, ease of changing ink 
inexpensive, high quality, small, quiet
good value, good quality
Excellent quality and reasonably priced
reliable, quality
Great photo quality
prints out fast, color, black and white, photo-like pictures, easy to use
Easy to use
Price,Quality &amp;amp; color
Inexpensive, Fast, Reliable, Easy
multi functional
Price
Excellent speed, dual cartridges, bottom paper feeder, uses the PhotoRET-II layering technology, and what a price!!
Quality
Easy to use, variety of options
Easy to use!
affordable and awesome
Fast, cheap and doesn't drink ink by the gallon.
Great color quality
quick, clear and cost efficient!
Good Quality, Good Value, Dependable
Dependable
Price, quality of printout, versatility
easy to use, plug and play
Great color quality, fairly quick, inexpensive
life like printing colors
Clear, color true, versatile.
Great print quality, ease of use
Great quality, low price, easy to replace the ink cartridges
Reliable and Reasonable Cost
fast, quiet, good quality
Fast, Good print quality.
does not screw up; crisp, clear images; good ergonomics
Performance, Price, Bonus Software, Top is flat so you can stack stuff on it!
Smooth Printing
Inexpensive, easy-to-use printer for casual printing
Low price, High Quality
Good quality prints.  Great price for what it can do.
Very reliable, easy to set up and use, affordable quality...truly a no-brainer!
Prints beautiful pictures. 
Inexpensive printer
Cheap, Affordable, Fast
Does a Great Job
Reliable over time, good value
FAST, Excellent quality text and color
Foolproof, great color prints, fast, hassle free
Good print quality easy to set up for a single computer.
print quality, ease of use
overall beauty
easy to use, superb quality printing in black and color
good price, good quality, good color
good quality
Great Photo Quality
fast, reliable, ink-efficient, compact, high quality image
Quality, speed
Excellent quality, reliable, easy to use.
versatile and cost efficient
Excellent quality on color and black ink.
Solid work horse.  Excellent quality and reliability.
Great quality and quiet.
quiet, fast, attractive, excellent print quality
quality, ease of use, low maintenance
RELIABILITY, print output, photo quality reprints, easy on ink
Quiet, speed, quality work
Tough printer, easy to use, inexpensive, fast, quality printing.
Good output, easy install, high reliability.
prints clearly
Vibrance and Clarity to Various Projects
Sharp image quality, easy to use/install, prints on a large variety of paper types.
Photo Quality, Cheap, Easy to use
good quility
prints great photos
Great printer for text, graphics and photos.
Great quality, exceptional speed, quiet
Decent color and quality for price
Speed, Quality, Ease of Use, Price
no problems
Speedy, quiet, versatile
Inexpensive, Superb Quality.
Affordable and great graphics printing
speed and clarity, low cost
Easy to use and set up with any program
Speed, print quality, reliability
Speed and image quality
Great quality print and graphics
Fast, quiet, sharp
Great color, easy to install
fast, great color pics, quiet.....
easy to use
high resolution color prints, fast, easy to set up
great quality, fast printing
Fast and easy
everything
Dependable, quite, size and quality.
Great Quality Printer
Size, Price, Quality, Speed 
tons of them
Photo quality, rarely jams, top of the line printer
Quality Printer with the HP Quality Name
great color, works well, went down in prices
sharp, fast black and white printing; detailed color printing; easy to use
reliability, printing quality, ease of set-up &amp;amp; use
Does a very nice job if you set up properly.
Admirable quality photo reproduction
Clear print quality, great color
Quiet, Economical, Trouble free
Quality, Style
PhotoRetII/III is trully the BEST printing tech currently avilable. Semi-Prof Photo output.
quality, reliability and price
Good Print quality, fast
Cheap
Overall good text and picture output.
Service 
great color, inexpensive
Excellent Print Quality: Low cost cartridges; Reliable
Crisp, clear copies
Simple to set up and use; easy to change cartridges; versatile
High reliability and great quality makes it a top choice
Photo Quality Prints
Fast, reliable, QUALITY product
Price, reliability, support, ease of use and maintenance
Versatility, Reliability, Cost effective
Cheap, Good quality
inexpensive
Great quality! great speed! turns itself on when you print! great costumer care!
Prints beautiful quality photos, easy to use
excellent print quality, affordable, durable, never jams, easy to use
Produces a Great Printed Product
Ease of use, quality and quiet operation
great text and photo printing
Great printing and great price
Good software, lasts along time
High quality printing..Good to have copies of things
Durability, image quality, quiet operation, speed.
inexpensive, quality printouts
Works fine when new
A medium priced printer with  high priced features.
Everything!
Quiet operation, ease of use, you get more than what you pay for
Price, durability, quality.
Fast, Reliable
Decent printing, cartridges last well
Fast printing, decent text output
good print quality
Inexpensive, easy to use, good quality.
This printer is a great starter printer.
Excellent photo-print quality
A tough little printer that will outlive its cartridges again and again!
great print quality, price
Small, lightweight, easy installation, inexpensive
Fast, Reliable, Good Quality
Reliable, quality printing
Very reliable, quiet, made to last, small footprint
Print quality is excellent
Easy to use, highest quality printing. Excellent machine.
Near photo perfect print quality
Output quality, construction, and driver support.
Reliable, high quality print results.
prints well, quickly
Low cost, high print quality, front load paper tray
Great print quality
Quick printing speed, great resolution, paper never jams
Great image quality, easy to use
Cheap, reliable
Good speed, runs quiet
Good print quality
fast, quiet, dependable, quality printing
nice printing, high quality
Great quality for it's price!
clean, legible, quiet and efficient
Fast, great output
Prints beautifully!
Great picture quality, cheap printer!
decent printing speed, good quality (black and color), inexpensive
decent price, good for text
Print quality, HP customer Service
Good print quality, quiet, reliable
works at a good speed, near-perfect color, doesn't jam
Great Print Quality, Fast, Quiet
Fast, easy to install, cheap
Very easy setup and installation
Price/Performance, typical HP quality
Superior quality for the low cost
Does a great job with printing color
Price, quality of color and black &amp;amp; white printing, easy set-up
Good quality, good speed, affordable
Easy and reliable
Quality, USB connection, Ink Supply
Easy to use, easy to set up
Price, Quality, USB
Good color quality, sharp text, faster than most color inkjets.
Price, speed, quality, ease of use/installation
Good on Graphics, Pretty fast, Quiet, Great Printer
print speed, photo reproduction
GREAT COLOR PICTURES
Color Smart Technology III, Two-Sided Printing, Fast, Quite.
Great print quality, ease of setup, ease of use.
Great price, good quality
Quick, easy installation, good print
Quality, quiet, and affordable 
Clean, fast entry level printer.
Great price, good speed and picture quality
Image, Speed, Quality, and great Customer Service
cheap, fast
Quality fast quiet printing
quick and good color
Fast, reliable, and inexpensive
Prints great quality papers
affordable, wonderful quality on any paper
It is reliable
Ease of use
cheap, output same as 890cse, outstanding paper handling, HP black
Good Quality Pictures
Great photo printing, descent text, USB and parallel interface
Produces High Quality Prints, Easy To Set Up &amp;amp; Use, Reasonably Priced, Fun Software...
Very fast, Great performance
excellent print quality
Cheap
very good quality of printing, shape allows you to sit it on a shelf
Easy to use, high quality printing
Fast, Cheap, Excellent quality
Great quality for the price
quality printing
speed, resolution, ease of set up, USB support 
quality print, fits in small space
Great print quality for a lower priced printer
Oh man...you want me to list them all?
Ease of use
Quality of print is great
Great quality prints.
Prints fast and quietly and never fails
Quality results, print head new with each cartridge, consistent
great print quality
clear printing and great colors!
Price, ease of use, quality
Good price, and the company making this printer cares about their customers.
Great all around printer
Cheap ($99.99) Fast &amp; Easy (just like I like them)
Quiet, Fast, Good Quality Printing. The HP Name
compact, easy to set up, USB interface, good print quality
Ink cartridge is refillable, ink last a while, fast and looks good
cheap, reasonable quality
Affordable, high quality colors, laser quality blacks.
Very low price, good quality color, fast and quiet operation
beautiful print quality, very easy to install and use, good options, no jams
The low price makes it very convent
HP quality, never jams, quiet, nice photo output
I have never had a paper jam or any problems with it.
looks nice
Great printer, as long as you don't need to print anything.
Inexpensive,reliable,and prints rather quickly.
Great price, easy installation and it prints fast!
Easy to install &amp; use. Low $$ good output
inexpensive, high quality, small, quiet
Price, great photos even on plain paper, big ink cartridges
adequate printing speed, good print quality, economical
great quality, fast, quiet, inexpensive
GREAT, PRINTS CLEARLY
Clear deep images
Wonderful Printer
Fast, clear printing.
Color and black print are excellent, very user friendly
easy on ink, prints phots cheaper than most printers
Photo Ret. 2 Technology, (perfect for photos), excellent speed, great for home-users, backed by HP customer care!
Quiet, quick, great printing
Looks good, prints great
Excellent quality, low-maintenance, large cartridges, quick print speed, low price 
Fast, quality pictures, great color and ease of use
Simple perfection
Many
photo quality, ink usage
Outstanding print quality, 10ppm in econofast black and white, cool new styling
Low price, outstanding print quality
HP always makes good products, and this is their best ink jet printer
Inexpensive, simple to use, reasonably fast, quiet, compact, and produces superior quality print
Great price, print quality 
Great print quality, affordable
Sharp text, average speed, easy to use and affordable
Good everyday home printing, ease of use, HP name.
HP quality, quiet operation
Quiet, reasonably priced, quick, excellent prints
Easy to set up, high quality print good windows drivers
It works
Superb Black and Color Printing!  Excellent Photo Quality!
Completes many tasks well.
Vibrant color, reliable model, easy software control
Quiet, quick, quality! Cheap and cables included.
Cheap&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quality Printing
Very easy to set up, good quality
Easy to install.  Quiet! Excellent printing quality.
Speed, price
Great photographic output, very good price.
Great quality, especially for the price; easy to operate.
Quiet, Fast, Excellent text quality, Minimal Ink usage.
Quiet, print quality, HP customer service
Runs good (when it works)
Easy to use
Great quality, quite, fast, reliable
Affordable and durable.
Excellent print quality; easy to install; very inexpensive
Excellent quality printing, I prefer it to any other...
HP top-shelf brand history cannot be denied!  Low price.  Separate print cartridges.
Good image quality, very inexpensive.
good clear pictures, good color prints
Prints great, no paper jams, compact size and design, easy to use
Quality of print, ease of use
High print quality/great price!
great for copying pictures
quality printing, high ppm, long-lasting
Expensive features, low price
Reliable, good print.
Print Quality, Durability, Ease of Install
Affordable, Excellent Quality Output, Does not jam
Wonderful Quaility
Doesn't misfeed 
Great quality for the price.
Quality text and photo images
Price, HP, Photo
Very cheap, fairly good resolution
Color Layering Technology 
simple to install, clear text print, inexpensive
Trust in the name and price
You can always fine HP to be a reliable product.
New low price. Quality product
Very Affordable,Easy TO Install,Beautiful Color Pictures
Good buy for the money, quite, easy set-up, good paper handling
Simple to install, easy to use, good print speed, great quality.
Great quality printing for an affordable price.
excellent quality, dual cartridge
Relatively inexpensive
Great quality printing, you can trust HP
Good Quality Print
Ease of use, Compatability, high quality color for price paid
affordable,great pictures,and has not jammed on me once
Photo quality, quiet, long-lasting ink, text quality
Low Initial Cost; Front Loading;
A Reliable printer; Inexpensive
Fast black &amp; white and color text, Dual cartridge holder
Great quality, well built, quiet
simple to use
Fast, Easy Install, Good quality
Inexpensive, easy set-up and use, prints color and black and white easily, not too big.
Relatively Cheap, Fast, Prints Nicely
Fast
High quality output and price
Cheap yet good quality, big ink cartridge
Great quality, easy to use.
Never jams, quite good output with color management software
Never jams, quite good output with color management software
Long term reliable for paper feed and print quality.
Good Speed, Great Quality
Speed, Print quality,  USB/Parallel
great pics , great speed
speed, color graduations, picture resolution, sharpness of print
Cost and quality
Sturdy. Fast. Great Output product.
Easy to install, clear prints
Print Quality and Conservation of Ink
Inexpensive, Great Print Quality on Plain Paper, Fast, AND Quiet
Fast. Terrific quality. Sleeker design
Quality, Speed, USB, Price
Quality printing, fast for family and reliable
Good Crisp Color, Fast Black &amp;amp; White, Simple Design
Excellent print speed and quality
Great quality output, quiet
Print quality, speed
Fast, easy to use, amazing quality, great for photo's
Great price, awesome print quality!
Simple enough for any nitwit to set up (myself included) 
WONDERFUL photo quality
hands down the best for the buck: speed, resolution, quality
great pictures
speed, convenience, efficiency, professional
crisp pictures, moderately fast. easy, economical
FAST, great text and color, quiet
Hardware is reliable.  Conserves ink.
USB port, economical, speed, high quality
Good printing speed, excellent quality, reasonable price
fast printing, great colors, great printer
perfect for printing pictures
Lots of ink, photo-quality printing, comes with loads of software
Excellent all around product
Great speed and price
Good price, affordable, quality prints
quality prints quickly
Cost, print quality, reliability
Excellent outcome when printing pictures.
Perfect!  Small, fast, quiet, convenient
Crisp, quiet and fast printing
Value, Color, Cost
USB-based, efficient, good quality color
Print anything
Great Speed; Nice Photo Quality; Crisp Text
Easy to use with great pictures
Great picture quality
Quality, Long Lasting Ink, Good Value, Durable
Fast- Good quality- Relaible-
Print quality, software, speed
EASY EASY EASY! beautiful printing, bright colors, FAST!
Fast. Great print quality!
Inexpensive, great print quality, uses little ink per print, rarely ever jams, can print envelops, prints quickly.
good quality and color
USB connectivity, ease of use, quality of prints
fast, reliable, good quality
easy to use, affordable
Great quality! Does a fine job.  Photos look great! Very efficient!
Fast, great quality text &amp; graphics, low ink use
Easy to use; no paper jams; decent quality
Beautiful Machine
Reliable
Crisp copies in both color and black and white
Good resolution and print quality
Fast, reliable, easy to use printer. Vibrant, brilliant colors
Color quality and ease of use
great print quality, easy to operate
Speed, quality of print and color, quiet
quality production
Beautiful, accurate color; fast
USB, Speed, Photo quality prints
great fast color inkjet, network capabilities
10 Pages per minute black printing speed, 6 color
Cost effective, fast, high quality, quiet
Crisp text, fast ppm
Good software and technical assistance
Average Print quality
Quality and Speed
Color output and clarity coupled with speed and silence
great design
Speed, color
great prints
good quality of printing
Great print quality
GREAT PRINTS, VERY QUIET
Fast at both text and color printing
Easy set-up and use. Relatively small footprint
easy to install &amp;amp; takes up little desk space
Great quality of print
very quiet, ink doesn't smudge, and is reliable
Fast, great quality
Small, high quality, fast
Quality of print, quiet, HP Brand Name
Excellent printer at a great price.
speed, quality
 Fast clear print quality
Excellent near-photo quality printing, dependable
blackest blacks - deepest true colors, non smearing/fading ink, does not clog or dry up, fast printer, outstanding image quality
Quick, Efficient, Low operational cost, Superior print quality
durable
Quick output and excellent quality
Laser-quality inkjet text and the whitest inkjet papers.
Superior print quality, fast speed, sturdy &amp;amp; durable
fast, good quality printing
Quality, reliability
Great Text &amp;amp; Graphics; Great ink usage.
Great print quality, speed, and reliability
Speed, good print quality, smoothness
VERY fast, good sized, easy setup, USB or parralel port friendly
Great print quality and quite too
Great Color
Speed, quality, ease of use
Good Speed, Great Quality, Very quiet
print quality, color
Easy to use
Faster Than Average Printing, Easy To Use &amp; It's An HP!
great quality
Easy to set up and use, no paper jams, prints well on card stock
Quiet, paper lays flat, nice big ink tanks, fast. 
Speed, Quality, Stable in Windows
Prints fast text documents, Quality photos.
Great photo quality, long life cartridges, and faster than most.
Great color 
Affordable, high quality pictures and text, fold up paper tray.
Outstanding images and graphics on photo papers. Low first cost price tag.
Cheap, decent print quality, can you say DeskJet 930!
Cheap, easy to use, easy to set up
High quality color, USB connection, very quiet, compact size
Quiet, nice print, reliable
It's an HP!  Fast, great print quality.
USB and and LPT1 port, less then $99, wonderfull picture quality
cheap price, quiet, easy to use, solid!
Easy set up, Ease of use, no paper jams, great resolution
very cheap
Features, size, print quality, quiet
Price, Software, Ease of use and installation, Print Quality.
Quite and Excellent for the money now that the price has dropped
Excellent print quality and ease of use.
User-friendly controls, quiet
Durable, long ink life, price.
None
NOTHING
Laser quality text, low ink costs and reliability
Great print quality.Quiet.
Great color and speed at a great price
A great printer at a good price.
Quiet. Crisp output.
Beautiful text and graphics; easy to use.
Print out quality, good value on the inks
Fast, silent and excellent quality
they are always below
Trustworthy customer service, excellent print and picture quality
Quiet printing at an affordable price, by a name you can trust.
Easy to use, great resolution, inexpensive
Great text, image &amp; color quality, inexpensive, fairly fast
Fast, Great Quality
Great pictures!!
fast, tray folds up, clear print
Space saving paper tray, Cost
Great Prints, Great Color
Excellent print quality for under $200
UPDATE!!! Best quality I've ever seen for inkjet
Smooth, quite, good ink economy, great photo quality, and great price.
Excellent picture printing quality, fast and quiet printer 9ppm/~8ppm color on economode, low cost and great bang for your buck, good ink economy, and same print engine as 950 and 970 series printer (for the most part)
Relatively cheap, fast in both B&amp;amp;W/Color, great color
Great Price, High Quality color printing, quiet, HP Product
Great print Great price
Excellent print quality, good price
Value, Color Quality, Fold Up Tray
Great price, excellent print quality
quality of print, speed
cheap, high quality printing
Fast, great resolution, no feed/jam problems
Affordable, neat design, space saver, relatively faster.
Excellent Quality, Space Saving Features, Great Speed
EVERYTHING IS GREAT
great life for the starter cartridges..how about the full ones?? Just getting ready to find out!
Fantastic results at a great price, fast, quiet and easy to use and install.
Great quality even on regular paper, Super-quiet, cheap, good compatibility
Lovely print jobs, great pictures
quality product w/good output. Quiet and affordable
clear quality printing, price
quiet, faster, great photo on photo paper
Great photos, fast, free with rebate
Excellent output, silent, fast, cheap, small
two side printing
Quiet, 2400x1200 dpi, Small (folding tray), USB, Ink Level Monitoring
Great print quality and speed
Speed, quality, color, price
Awesome printing quality, very quiet
Everything
Quick text, Quality prints, Few jams, Durable, USB or Parallel, Long-lasting ink
photographs, speed
Print Quality, Price, And Nice Chassis
Great print quality and speed
Great printing, well built, easy to use/maintain
Faster, higher resolution, nice photo quality
Space saving, high quality images, inexpensive
Great printer for a great price
low price, quiet, color quality great
Fast, Excellent Quality, Space Saving
High quality, Well designed driver software, quiet
Good looking, large ink cartridges
It is fast, easy to install and use, compact.  
great price, great color prints
Very easy to use, great value for money
Cheap, Great Quality, USB
excellent print quality, ease of use
Easy to set up &amp; use. Excellent quality print jobs and pictures.
price, good quality printer, fast, supports both USB and parallel
Quick set-up and easy to use.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Good quality printer in a compact case.
Unbelievable Print Resolution!!  Quiet.  Affordable.
HP reliably, and print quality. Folding paper tray, USB interface, print cartridge level indicator
Inexpensive, Beautiful Print Quality, Top Brand Name, Very Quiet, USB/Parallel Interface, Small Physical Size
Great quality prints, easy to use, easy to load paper
Great quality, extremely quiet, no feeding problems
12 Pages/Min (B&amp;W), 5 Pages/min (colour), quiet, economical, easy to install
speed, durability, space
Quiet, great photo printing
Good print quality, good photo reproduction, and good price 
Price, ease of use, clarity of print
Quiet, easy to use, and affordable.
Simple to install and use, Almost excellent print quality, Fair Price
Fairly fast, sharp text, good quality even with medium paper 
Great Printer - Great Price - Great Quality!
Whisper Quiet, fast, affordable printing
Clarity and speed is top notch.
inexpensive entry in the color printing market
Easy to use, inexpensive, nice color prints
excellent photo reproduction; ease of installation and usage
Very nice high-color prints, B/W printing is very fast.
fairly quiet, good quality text, decent quality pictures
Amazing quality, does photos very well!
Excellent paper handling, superior print quality
Quiet operation, front load paper feed
Fast printing Balck and Color alike; Lots of options; Great Camera Prints
Picture quality amazing! 
High Quality Printer, Good color rendition.
fairly reliable with XP and linux
Excellent photo output.  Fast B&amp;amp;W output.
Excellent Print Quality, Fast &amp;amp; Quiet, USB Interface
Value, Quality, Design
Clear, crisp and realistic color printing
Great engineering, output and good price
Cheap
High quailty print, good speeds.
Quality of prints, speed, price, ease of use
Low annual cost, brilliant photo colors, sharp clear text.
Prints out pictures well.
Whisper-quiet, lovely print quality, relatively fast
Excellent printing photos
Superb,sharp color picture/text. Quiet. A tad faster than the norm for under $200.
Great photo quality, affordable price, not a space-hog.
Wonderful images, high speed, and easy to use!
Awesome prints, photo process quality, has color &amp; b/w at the same time.
User Friendly in all aspects
Quiet, fast, great color quality
Fast, quiet and the ink actually lasts.
Price; Speed; Quality
Very quiet. Low ink indicator
Good printer for the money. Sharp images.
Solid Construction, Quiet
Very clear and sharp, inexpensive, light, USB, Tech support, long lasting cartrages
Low cost good quality.
Cheap, effective, perfect for a college student.
Quiet, Quick, Fold up Paper Tray
Easy to use, options, foolproof, good price for what you get, decent speed, color, and memory
It's comparatively inexpensive, fast, and has great print quality
Quality and price
USB and Parallel, Excellent print quality
great price, best quality 
Photo quality color, can monitor ink levels
Good output quality, reliable paper feeding, inexpensive
vivid color pictures, sharp black text
great looking prints, fast, quiet
Cost, Speed, Quality, Service
Great,  Cheap
bang for the buck
GREAT photo quality, fast printing, quiet
great for photos,quiet
great printer for the price!!!
Great Quality. Small Design. Small Price Tag.
Print Quality, Price, and Efficiency
excellent print quality, low noise, auto maintenance
Quiet, fast, inexpensive
great quality printing, great price, many fun features
Great quality, great speed, durability
Speed, Noise
Reliable and affordable
good quality and speed for the price
fast, good quality, quiet, efficient
Good combination of features/price/quality
Great quality, easy to use
cant think of any
Worked after being dropped
no paper jam, durable, cheap, photo quality
Speed, Quality, Reliability
USB or Parallel compatible.
Excellent Print Quality, Quick and Easy to Setup and Use
nice body, paper tray fold up, two sided accessory
Excellent resolution, good speed, great features
easy to install, good quality printing
Excellent color and sharpness,  piece of cake to operate
Great quality
Text print speed, nice color prints for &amp;lt;$200
Great print quality and relatively fast
Great speed, color printing, and very quiet.
Fast, Quality, Price
Super easy to set up, cartridges last longer than comparable models, good quality
Very Quiet, Sharp Clear Printing
Great quality, nice features, decent print speed.
Quiet, excellent quality for the price, Durable, and a great low price
Excellent print quality. Price. Handy bundled applets.
Reliable, sturdy printer, awesome text quality, job cancel button. Quiet!
Clean and quiet
picture and text quality, price, no paper jam, can use parallel or usb cable.
Quiet, Many Features, Compact (Paper Tray folds up for more work room), great price
Great color pictures, fold up paper tray, fast.  HP!
Excellent print quality for an ink jet. fairly compact with a fold-up paper tray.
clear colored printing; quiet printing
Very crisp text printing. Vibrant Color Usage. Photo Printing is exceptional.
Decent quality printing, GOOD PRICE, fast, quiet.  SMALL IN SIZE.
Great color and text.
HP brand
Low price, good quality, feature-loaded drivers, integral power supply.
Very Fast, Photo quality-WOW!
Fold-up paper tray; very quiet; good speed; excellent output; price
Fast, quiet, easy to use, not too expensive
Quiet, compact, ease of use. &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Price, print quality, ease of use
Good print quality
Speed not bad for home use, reliable
QUIET, fast, inexpensive, easy to use interfaces, bright colors, USB capability
fast, quiet, excellent output, compact, sturdy, USB or parallel, Dos compatible
Inexpensive, sharp color printing
Name, speed, price.
prints 9 pages a minute,7.5 pages a minute in color
The price, the speed, the quality, HP printer reliability, low cost printer consumables
Price, General reliability, Dual interface, Output quality, quiet, quick for the money.
great images, inks refilled easily, inexpensive
Price, Print Speed, Size, Look, Sound
Affordable performance.  Easy installation.  Bang-for-buck.  
Quiet, black and white printing very fast
Easy to use, prints well
Inexpensive; quiet printing; good quality printing
good looking???
Easy to use, nice looking appearance, small size, prints beautifully, excellent price
Great photo print quality, extremely low price of printer
Inexpensive, great text quality.
Easy setup, fast printing, quiet printing, cartridges easy to change
Nice, Fast,
Print Quality; Speed; Value
Quiet, fast, looks nice
2400 x 1200 dpi for photo's/graphics; 600 x 600 dpi for text; 4MB built-in RAM
Clear, good-quality print jobs
it
HP Quality
Outstanding quality, Physical appearance is good, Easy to use, Good software
quick, quiet and cute
Marvelous quality prints, quiet, easy to use
Fast, color, prints an array  of things
Great looks, quality and price!
Great print quality, diverse paper tray, fast printer, HP warranty and quality, low consumables cost
Used to be a fine scanner
high quality, fast, 
Brilliant color and b/w printing, prints on photo size paper
Don't know
Great Quality
Prints quickly, great color quality for the price, quiet, good looks, simple to use and set up
Solid printing, fast, quiet, long cartridge life
speed, quality, name
superb print quality on photo paper, quiet, keen blue laser
Very quiet, easy to setup, sharp characters and images.  
Efficient and quiet, inexpensive
Very Quiet. Front paper load
Great photo quality, average text quality.
Good Quality
Quality of text, Size
Great print outs,  Exceptionaly quiet
compact, photo  quality, quiet
Great output even on plain paper
Astounding Photo-quality prints, fast, quiet, sleek, economic (ink), versatile
Reasonable cost, Fast, great quality, cancel button.
ease of use and setup, high-quality output, fairly high ppm
Excellent photo quality
Printing quality for both photos and type is excellent
Great graphics
Speed / Incredible photo reproduction
quality color photos, fast, quiet
Easy to use, dependable, good quality.
Good value for cost
Fast, quiet and good photo quality
Ease of set-up, quality of photos
Very sharp and colorful prints. Easy to use. Quiet. Fast. Price Drop of $100.
Super quality print of photos and text!
Nice quality output, quiet, quick
Superb images of all types. Cartridges are a good value.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Quiet, fast, easy to use
good print quality regular and pictures
Excellent print quality, fast, good included software, quiet, inexpensive to operate.
Fast, Quiet, reliable, awesome print quality, Print head on cartridge.
Excellent color mode.
A lot of features.  Quality printing.
Size, speed, quality, looks, features, connection types (USB, Parallel)
Easy, have never had any problems with it.
Shreds paper quickly and efficiently
Fast, good print quality, easy install, 8mb built-in memory, 1 year warranty.
Great quality photo printing
Great photo quality prints
Great Quality Photo Prints, Cheap on Ink in the long run.
Easy to use, great results
Prints accurate pictures (in color and black/white), easy to use, efficient.
Inordinate sound effects in office.  Printed daylight hours so everyone could sleep.
quality, price, nice design, Photo Ret III&amp;#133;
High Quality Color Prints
Fast, fairly low cost
It prints fast, easy to set up, print quality is great, and Ink indicator
OK Printer for student/1st time user 
Very fast, sturdy, has large paper tray, reasonable price.
Ease of use, software installed without a hitch.
Great print quality, laser-like speeds, low cost printer consumables.
Excellent quality, fast, and reliable.  You have to get this printer!
Fast PPM output, great DPI for color, 2-sided printing (optional).
Fast and great resolution
Print quality, speed, not really expensive
Great quality printing for everyday printjobs and photos.
Fast printing, Excellent quality, Quiet and Great Price
Decent PPM, quality color, parallel or USB capable, nice options 
Fantastic Color Photo Printing, Auto-paper sensor, Fast Printing
Great printing speeds both B&amp;W/Color. Crisp photo quality
A very fast printer with brilliant photo quality.
Fast, high-quality output at an affordable rate!
Great print quality, laser-like speeds, low cost printer consumables.
Beautiful photos at a good price
Clear black text; nice graphics and photo printouts; solid construction and 150-sheet paper tray.
Speed, use of use, quick set up, two sided printing.
Output quality, speed, duplexing
Fast text output and superior photographic repro.
plug-and-play, double sided printing, color output, handsome design, quietness
excellent color and black print quality, compact, moderately priced
Double Sided Printing, Quiet,, Stable
Excellent print quality, fast
Very fast printing
Very good quality printing
Quality and accuracy
Very nice output. Quiet. Paper feed works well. Full-duplex.
Good quality print, easy extra features, quiet, cost efficeint, well designed
Quality... Speed...
B&amp;amp;W Print Quality, Speed, Reliability, Quiet, and Long-lasting Ink Cartridges
resolution, speed, technology
great printing quality, great ad features
Speed, low noise level, auto cartridge alignment, overall construction
Speedy printing, photo quality
vivid color pictures, sharp text
two-sided printing feature
crisp, clear photo realistic prints
Ink cost, 2X printing.
Quality print, relatively fast, duplex included, GREAT photos!
Fast, high quality color printing.
Great photo quality.  Very easy to use.
quality output, easy to use, affordable, great HP support
Auto dual sided feature, quiet, neat design.
Great picture quality! Double sided printing
speed, print quality
sharp-clear printing/ super quiet.  easy to set-up
Great general print quality.  Photo prints great on standard sized paper. 
Fast, great photo quality
It's A Professional Printer, You Can Print Photo Quality, It Has So Many Features
Double Sided Printing, High Speed, Many Print Options, Versatile
very sharp, high resolution, quick, 2 sided printing
Duplexing mode, excellent resolution, Fast!  Smaller footprint
Incredible text and photographic prints
Great print quality, holds up under frequent use
high printing speeds, excellent quality printing, made for most printing jobs.
super quality machine and so far has the HP reliability
Good quality, Good Price
Fast, Great Printing, Good looking printer, USB port
great quality, nice printing abilities
Exceptional print quality (both photo and text). Affordable Duplex Value.
Easy two sided copying, good quality printing
Excellent quality, great photo capability
high quality, very fast, 2 sided printing
resolution, automatic duplexing, looks nice
Quick and efficient with professional results. Capable of 2-sided printing.
print quality, speed, ease of use
Unbeatable, affordable, photo quality printing
Good Speed, High Quality Images
fast &amp;amp; Excellent Print Quality
double sided printing, speed
Nice features like 2 sided printing, excellent output
QUIET, convenient, great resolution and quality
everything
outstanding output, quick, quiet
Excellent quality and it's fun to watch the paper fly out after printing
Very sharp, professional looking print outs
12 pages per minute in black ink, 10 pages per minute in color, Smudge-resistant; fast drying ink, Beautiful photo-quality pictures.
fast,quality and paper saving double sided printing ability
Great Photos and two side printing
durablity, print quality
Very high quality at a low cost 
Quick and quiet printing, colorful copies I'm proud to send my customers
Live phone support, fax response; Web; one-year parts-and-labor warranty&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Very Nice Printer, Exceptional Speed
Very nice print quality. doublesided printing is also nice!
Good Printing Speed / Excellent Quality / Solid Construction / Easy Set-Up
Quality Printing Every Time
Two-sided printing, quiet, long lasting ink cartridges, envelope feed, quality print
Very fast
High quality prints, much improved speed from original PhotoSmart
Great color; resolution; quiet performance; speed; duplexing; HP quality
double-sided printing, high quality printouts, quiet
auto duplexing, quiet, fast &amp;amp; professional quality
Excellent color quality
speed, color quality
It's Fast and Quiet
Unbelievable photo quality; quiet; no warmup
Quality, speed, quiet
styling, print resolution, beautiful photo color, price, paper handling
Don't Hesitate
Duplex printing, dual connecting capability
fast, superb print quality
EVERYTHING!
fast, silent, nice design
Great Graphics, AUTOMATIC Two-Sided Printing, Fairly High Speed
High quality,easy, and quiet
great quality printouts on photos &amp;amp; text
Superior print quality on both plain and coated material. Quality construction. Quiet operation. Excellent customer service over phone and company web site. Prints on both sides of paper  automatically. 
Quality, Speed
Double side printing, quiet, fast
Superb Quality, Laser-Like Speed, Double Sided Printing
Great quality, speed, and professional looking.
Fast, quiet, prints beautifully, double-sided printing.
Fun Friendly Design!
High Speed, Very Quiet, Instant On Feature, Double Sided Printing
Awesome print quality, fast and quiet. Consistent color and tones.
Quick Easy Installation, 99% of hardware included, Name Brand, double sided printing, 10 pages a minute in color, and 12  pages a minute in black, Great Software
High Quality printing
Great Print Quality
Fast, crisp, reliable and good looking!
Speed, color,quiet, good text
Ease of use, quality
Quick, great color, great picture.
2400x1200!!  Feature packed
Great for photo prints
Quick, quiet, good price
Good quality in general
VERY VERY FAST!!! Photo quality
Prints documents fast
Good on all paper
Picture quality, price, two sided copies
good quality
really really good quality
High resolution printing of photographs, crisp document printing, adjustable feeds
double-sided printing, ease of use, low printer fluid warning light
fast, BEAUTIFUL printouts, great for photos
crisp, clear photo realistic prints
Outstanding Printer, Duplex, High speeds, small footprint
Good picture
Quickly prints up beautifully crisp color and black and white documents
photo-quality color, high speed, whisper quiet
read below
nice features
great quality
Automatic two-sided printing , USB compatible, Fast and silent printing, Exceptionally sharp plain-paper printouts.
Duplex attachment: great way to save paper.
Amazing Quality, Good Speed, And Quiet
The finest inkjet printer ever made in the history of the universe
Fast printing, Excellent print quality, HP warranty, duplex module, &amp; low price
Auto-Double Sided printing, great resolution.
Super print-quality, quiet, leaps, simply all around good&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
The HP DeskJet 970Cxi is a very good  to use on some computers.
Photo quality prints, prints nice and fast and its very quiet!
Very Nice Printer, Exceptional Speed
good price,nice pictures
High quality printing, in black and white, or color.
duplex printing, sharp text, good graphics
Easy to Use, Fast, USB Connectivity
Words printed are easy to read.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Prints at high speed
Ease of use, mac-compatible, attractive, affordable, value for money
double-sided printing, high quality printouts, quiet 
Extremely fast printing in Draft/Black mode. 2 sided printing
Great Overall Printer
Double sided printing, print quality especially on photos, tool-box, ease of use, speed using USB
Print quality, automatic 2-sided printing, USB or parallel
Duplex printing. HP reliability. Ease of use.
Excellent brand--printing always comes out legible.
High quality of printouts can print photographs, double side printing.
Double sided printing
Good print quality. Prints fast.  Great for home use.  
high resolution, great for photos
Very fast for high quality output. Very quiet
High quality photo printing as well as text and graphics.
good resolution, reliable company
Ink Pouches
Quick, clear printing with easy set-up.
Quick, unbelievable color photos.
VERY nice color and image quality.
Superlative Print Quality, quietness, speed, two-sided printing is fab
Magazine and photo-processing quality prints!
Everything, excellent photo quality
Name &amp; quality are great as always with HP.
BRILLIANT color, fast black, HP quality
It is a good quality printer
Crisp,clear photo realistic prints....
Good crisp black and white and great color.  Speed is very good.
Print and build Quality, speed, ink usage, quite, hi-capacity ink, double sided printing.
nice quality in grades of grey, color graphics, jam free, duplex attachment
great print quality, 2-sided printing, envelope feeder, GOOD price
Wonderful print and color quality.  Sometimes prints fast...see cons list
Fairly quiet as ink jets go, good color output, auto 2 sided printing.
quality, warranty, flexibility
fast, quiet, IR, great quality
Print quality and speed dramatically improved from our old printer
Well, it does look nice.
Quality, Speed
Ummm...I guess it didn't burn my books and try to make me help take over the world
Fast, reliable, great quality, lots of extras.
superb quality, excellent speed
Right Size, Great Features, HP Quality
Very fast and ink efficient, Decently priced, Great photo quality 
Great printing quality
Fast, crisp output, accurate colors, 2-sided printing, envelope feeder
Fast Printing,Some Cool gadgets for those who need them, low cost ink
Connectivity, software, speed, print quality, automatic two sided printing, paper recognition
Easy to install, easy to use, lots  of excellent features.
Super quiet 2 sided printing
Very fast text printing, Good quality pictures, , 2-sided printing, , Automatic Paper Type Sensor
Excellent print quality, Dual ink cartridges. 
Excellent picture quality.
Great print quality, Extremely fast printer (laser like speeds), HP warranty and quality, low cost printer consumables, Infrared sensor. Duplex module included!
fast, quiet, IR, great quality
Very fast output, good quality print, double-sided print capability
A fantastic Hewlett Packard Deskjet
Low cost, high quality and FAST!
Fast
Quick, quiet, easy to install
Quick, quiet, easy to install
Small and quick.
HP quality, quick, and sharp printing
fast, easy setup
Rugged, dependable, fast printing for complex jobs
Clean print, easy to use, fits on my desk
Easy to use, great quality and worth the money
Small size, Affordable, Print Quality &amp; Speed.
good print quality, easy to use, low cost
Inexpensive, Good print quality, Fast
Fast and trouble free
600 dpi, quick, text and graphics print well, accepts variety of media, horizontal paper tray
Excellent Quality, Low cost of Ownership, Fast, EASY
Solid HP quality that is lasting and high quality output.
Low cost and operation cost with HP quality printing.
Ultra fast printing, low price, small size, print quality, made by HP.
Small, fast, good quality print job, from HP.
Cost, HP name, works well until it breaks
professional quality printing, be as creative as you want to be.
Fast, sharp printing! Toner keeps going and going...easy to setup/use - attachments available
Rather fast, excellent service
Good for limited desk space. Fair print speed and good print quality
Small size, prints good copies
dependable, good quality
small , compact
When it prints a page without jamming and the ink doesn't smear, it looks great!
Fairly inexpensive, good laser-quality print.
Good print quality, 
Quality laser text and graphics... WHEN IT PRINTS
Text Quality, Print output very good
Nice print. 
Affordable, Easy to Use, Crisp Lettering
Very economical, clearly printed pages
Quality, speed, price.
I didn't pay for it. (Board of ed. did)
good printouts, scanner, copier, low maintenance
Sleek, simple, quick, quiet
Small footprint, easy set up.
Convenient,affordable,
fast, sharp, replaces your fax machine, very nice software
toner lasts 4000 pages, faster than inkjet
Fast, High Quality, Maintenance Free
speed is OK
can print/scan/copy
Cheap(ish!), Decent laser printer
All in one design saves space, power and money
compact, priced right, excellent print quality and quantity, coper
Nice design. Printer, scanner, copier in one. Fast and reliable.
fast &amp; clear printing
Laser printer. Size.
Very fast, sharp image, nice dpi
Good quality at a fair price
Flexability, HP reliability
fast print for it's size, multifunction
Excellent performance
Clear, crisp print.  Quiet operation. Decent Value. Small footprint.
many capabilities
Crisp text
High quality Print with low cost consumables
Print Quality &amp;amp; Reliability
Less maintenance cost than other printers; high quality rep
Fast, quiet, good print quality, and incredibly easy to setup and use. 
Well built, fully supported, easy to install and use, etc.
small size, very speedy, accessible, never any problems, is very helpful
Fast, good printing for most applications
Small, Fast Print Speed, Great Print Quality
easy install, reliable, networkable, good quality output
Quality...  Speed...
Small, Good Build Quality
Reliable, inexpensive to print.
easy to use, great quality, fast
Print quality, printing speed
quality print
high quality, inexpensive product
fast, powerful, easy to install
Excellent quality printing; very user-friendly
speed, quality, dependability
print quality
Great Quality, Very Reliable, Easy to Use
Great print quality, HP name.
Produces quality print jobs, scan images and copies
Everything
all in one, small footprint
Compact, excellent quality print, well-built
speed, multi function
Highly Reliable Printer With Few Maintenance Issues
Fast, Sleek, Compact, Top Quality
Small footprint, HP name.
Incredible print quality, lasting toner, and speed.
Good price on a personal laser printer. Crisp printing. 
Small, inexpensive, faster than ink-jets
HP, Easy to use, reliable, expandable, two paper exit paths, envelope support
fast and clear
When it works it is fast, high quality and has a small desktop footprint
Nice, white case.  Compact size.
Very Reliable! Easy to set up. 
Quality and Reliability
Good print quality, inexpensive, can be upgraded
nice, sharp image, fast!
Good prints, ok price, easy setup.
reliable, won't break
compact, fast, quiet
Reliability, Small Form Factor
Great laser printer for a single user
Small footprint; Easy paper loading
Small, easy to setup, simple software package. Cheap replacement cartridges. Inexpensive printing over time.
HP name, small footprint, low price
An overall good company.
compact shape, totally quiet energy saver mode, great text output
Fast and clean.&amp;#9;
nice new design, ease of use, flexible
USB and parallel ports for easy printer sharing
1200 dpi&amp;#13;&amp;#10;microfine toner
easy to setup, large paper bin, fast printing, PS level 2, USB
excellent print quality, amazing speed, cheap ink, nice design
excellent print quality, amazing speed, cheap ink, nice design
Horizontal paper feed, High resolution, relatively fast, relatively inexpensive
Good price.  Easy setup and good print quality.
It's an HP
Good entry level printer
Inexpensive, fast printing
Fast, Optional Networking, USB 2.0 compatible
PostScript Level 2 emulation, speed, compatibility, print quality
Very good resolution, quick printing, quite affordable, supports PC and Mac.
Speedy Printing, easy to use, price
Inexpensive, upgradable
Very fast text printing.
Fast, easy!
Prints fast, clean text, easy setup, great for envelope printing
Quick, Good Crisp Pages, Quiet
Excellent quality printer. Quick and easy to set up.  Large paper tray. 
Cheap, small, fast
Quick, high quality output
Easy to install - Problem free
Great for small workgroups. Quiet; prints quickly; few paper jams; sharp, clear printouts.
Quality of output; price; speed
Very Fast, Very Affordable, Cheap Toner, Great Text Quality, Mac Compatible
Crisp dark black text, excellent photo output, very speedy, very small
smooth, fast, compact, large paper tray
Pros don't matter if it jams virtually every time. 
FAST, great graphics, USB support
Fast, cheap, great B/W printing
Fast, Crisp Text, Outstanding Design.
Reasonable price, quick, quiet
Very Fast Printing for Both Text and Graphics, Mac and PC Compatible.
Great little printer for lower end print jobs
IR port, network-ready version (the TN), speed
High quality print, individual envelope feed, infrared connection (if you have that), comes with 8 meg of memory
It's an HP.  And it's not terribly expensive.
fast, great resolution
1200x1200 dpi, 10 pgs/min., Infrared, Cancel print job feature
Fast, reliable, versatile
Does normal text well
printer will last much longer
reliable, straight paper path, irDA 
Quality, Reliability, easy driver install.
great text printing, decent speed
Speed, Durability, Ease of Use, Cost
IR Port, Excellent Print Quality, Decent Speed
decent quality, good print, sort-of fast
it's an HP
Easy software. Postscript driver. IR port. Quiet.
Hearty little printer with long life, printing a wide variety of media
Excellent quality printing and never fails.
fast, great looking, inexpensive upkeep, great with labels, not envelopes
Sharp output, fast speed
Dependable and Professional Quality Prints
Crisp Text Output, Quiet 
fast, good PL6 images 1200 bpi.
Mac/Windows Autoswitch
reliable and economical in the long run
Dependable, good quality
Quiet, small footprint
Fast, versatile, excellent value for money
Multifuntional and easy to use and setup.
Space saver, high quality printing
Speed, Functionality, Look
Excellent printer hardware and software.  
A great all in one machine for the small office!!
A lot of functions, Physically attractive, Easy to use
good print quality
Very fast. laser quality printing and faxing 
Not many
Truly a workhorse for small office.
Fast, Easy To Use, Reliable, Energy-efficient
Many options, paper handling, multi-platform.
The printer is a nice, fast, compact printer
Quality of Image, Ease of Use
Fast, reliable, can handle network printing, inexpensive
good quality, easy to maintain, reliable
Low consumables cost.  Fast printing, and quiet.  Sturdy and reliable as a brick.
easy to set up, operate, all paper formats, superb quality
Fast, reliable, great for corporate office or SOHO
Excellent value, quiet, reliable.  Very good quality output.
Very durable. Stands up to abuse
Works hard and does it's job perfectly.
VERY Fast, Reliable Printer
Size, Dependability
Great paper handling, high quality, high volume
Very fast, versatility, quality print
great long lasting printer
Good perform
Fast and Reliable
very fast, very robust, very reliable, versatile 
fast, reliable, easy-to-use, easy-to-configure, just works kinda printer
Features (4050 Series), Panel Controls, Duplex available
Print is crisp and clear
quick to print, paper usually doesn't suffer 'crinkle effect'
I have to install these printers.  They are easy to install.
Beautiful sharp and consistant BW printing.
Blazing fast, sharp images
Fast, Durable, High Quality Printing
Sturdy, dependable, and compact.  Easy to use and maintain.
Relatively quick, durable
Fast, excellent connectivity, light on tonner
Lightning fast, great resolution, networkable
Nice and compact
Fast, Scalable, and Easy Software.
Great print quality, reliable and easy to set up. 
really fast, great text printing easy to use
Works hard, good print quality, decent speed
work horse
Takes a lickin' and keeps on tickin'
Built in network, 16MB memory and two paper trays
Fast engine, easy network setup,works with Win2K like a pro, great image quality!
Fast and high quality text, easy network connection
Fast, very clear, very reliable
Quality of output, Cost of consumables, Features
Speed, versatility, networking
fast,expandable,dependable
VERY high quality, great compatibility, ease-of-setup, volume capacity, and SPEED
Fast, high quality, reliable
Fast, high-quality printer that lasts and lasts...
Fairly fast printing for a small office use or personal laser printer.
Quick printing, Takes up very little desk space, reliable.
Small, upright, simple to use
Cheap, Reliable, compact
Reliable, inexpensive laser printer
Fast, high quality printing 
b&amp;w 600x600 dpi, text quality is good, image quality ok, light
reliable, easy to use
Size of printer, quality print
Excellent print quality especially for the price.
Steady, Reliable, Efficient and Versatile Printer
Small footprint - not a kluge, good print quality especially in photos.
it's an HP
Rugged, durable, withstands silly secretaries
small foot print
excellent as a paperweight
great quality, quick printing
Compact.  Especially clear printing capability.
basically none
Prints quietly, Good quality print jobs
Somewhat small footprint, and it is a true Laser printer.
Takes the place of four machines.
You don't need the software to use this printer
compact, easy to read instructions, great printing quality
all feature in one
all in one, great space saver...
Simple, Nice Looking, Quality Scanning and Printing
cheap price; stylish; good software
made by HP,4-in-1
none
Great Price, All the Features you want
Great all in one combo for the money.
print and scan quality decent
Good print quality, nice fax features
cheap and small
Multi-function convenience 
hey, it's four-in-one!
4 in 1
Lot of functions for the price, easy to use, great support 
None
price
It has a compact design
Accomplishes SOHO tasks fairly well
User Friendly
Everything at your fingertips
easy set up, does what it says it will.
versatility; durability
Printer/Scanner/Copier/Fax all in one
All-in-one is handy, great price, great quality
Good printer, copier, and ok scanner, good software with it
performs many tasks well, good price, not too bulky, reliable
4 functions, 
Multiple functions.
4-machines-in-1 - for a dirt cheap price.
Reliable; less expensive and easier to configure than buying individual components
cheap and small
It's not poisonous
The fax works
Looks really effecient
reliable, good color, easy to control
Price
Fast, easy to use, not expensive, dependable brand
Good value, versatile, combines many functions
Good reliable machine for limited amount of space and money.
Relatively Inexpensive to purchase
NONE
cheap and small, color faxing
Fax is nice and clean
Print Quality, Ease of Setup &amp;amp; Use, Price, Size
Very versatile
Cost efficient, dependable, great quality.
multi-functional
it can fax, print and copy
Saves Desk Space.  
Reliable, fairly easy to use. 
THE COLOR PICTURES ARE REALLY CLEAR AND TRUE! 
space saver
GOOD ECONOMICAL PRINTER FOR SMALL OFFICE OR HOME
Lots of features for the price range.
good quality &amp; numerous capabiities.
The fax feature, and scanning feature
Ease of use for all ages; suitable for home or office
no hassle, just works well
Inexpensive with tremendous versatility and HP quality
Easy to use and good quality prints.
compact, stylish, easy to use
It looks sleek,and offers multifunctions at a very good price.
GOOD ECONOMICAL PRINTER FOR SMALL OFFIE OR HOME
Fax works great.
cheap and small, color faxing
Ease of use
Performs well, has a lot of options
easy acess to important work getting done
works half the time
Features, size
purchased at a great price, easy to use, convienient
Multiple uses - fax, copier, color printer
Convienient, looks good,
Cheap, still works regardless of my abuses
cheap and small, color faxing
good color, durable , easy to use
ease of use, scanning options and included applications, size
it looks good and has good print quality
Good all around light duty machine
Simple software, inexpensive, great color rendering
"All in one", Takes up little space, Brand name, Quick
Decent quality, nice for home use as an all-in-one machine
Great quality All in One plus it will copy, fax, and scan legal sized documents.
Great ease of use with the walk up fax and as a copy machine.Fast scanning.
Does everything, great print quality
Fast and good print quality. Good paper handling.
Print Quality
Easy to hookup/install,, Easy to Use, HIGH quality printing, scanning, and copies
Print quality, ease of use, ink cartridge life, legal size paper capability.
Good print quality.
All-n-one functionality
Excellent features and physical layout.
WOW!!! This does everything and WELL. I freed up about 3 sq.ft. of counter space.
Great printing for a multifunction.  Card reader. Photocopying. Photo software
Replaced 3 machines. Good print quality. Great Scanner. ADF included
Fantastic photo printing when using premium glossy paper. Reliable machine.
Fast printing, great photos, good utilities, easy installation
A MACHINE YOU'LL FALL IN LOVE WITH
Excellent print quality, faxing and scanning.
Very effective, great special copy features, beautiful prints.
All in one. Fax,Copy, Printer. What else is there to say
good output quality
Good print from pictures and documents on your computer
Very reliable, easy to use, good overall in all functions
Good for scanning to Acrobat.
Great print quality, good color, easy to use
Looks very nice and idea of all-in-one is excellent.
Great Options 
HP quality, fast and excellent printouts, and easy to use.
Excellent design, great looks, excellent functionality, speed, quality, excellent copy function.
Good quality inkjet printer and color copier
Excellent quality in almost every area
Everything
Hardware
Easy to use, fast printing and copying, excellent print quality.
Good (intended) multifunctionality in a single device.  Decent InkJet copier
Print and scan quality; integration
Great scanning, great printing, excellent copying
print quality, ease of use
Clear and Simple
excellent value for the money
Simple to use all-in-one machine, great quality
features, speed, resolution, efficiency
printer, copier
Hardware
Less costly than buying all functions separately
Color Copying quality and options&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Color Printing quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
good price, great quality of copying and printing
Excellent quality and resolution&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to operate&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great support/warranty terms&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
3-in-1 
Quality of scans, prints and copies are great.
Great print quality, full featured, reliable, easy to use
Four high-quality functions in one unit.  Excellent quality copies.
Good quality output
Set's up easily, Looks OK - that's it.
High printing speed, easy to install, can print while scanning or receiving fax
Printing quality, Speed, Multitasking, Cost-effective, HP reliability
All in one, easy to set up &amp; use, great print quality
Excellent hardware (read the other reviews)
Excellent Quality for a LaserJet, Small footprint for the home office
Sturdy, well designed, fully featured.
All-In-One, Warranty, Quality, Easy-To-Use
Efficient machine with all the features you can want
Has all the bells and whistles, outstanding print quality
FAST PRINTING
Workhorse, never complains
lightweight
Good prints and reasonably fast.
Space saving design
Printer\scanner\copier\fax is perfect for the small business.
Combines four machines in one
Easy to use, good quality output, good speed
All in one, easy to set up &amp; use, great print quality
Great printer, scanner and fax
Great image quality, most things work as advertised
Nice multifunction machine for the price
4-in-1 printer, copier, fax, scanner
many features
Top notch quality throughout - and photo quality that looks like it came out of a darkroom
Excellent print , scan and copy quality
great images, speed, easy faxing
Quality of the printing both black/white and color, quality of the scanner, and the speed with which it produces a copy or sends a fax
It does everything!
Versatility, Tech support, ease of use
Small size and easy to use.
Decent quality scanning, 30 page auto document feeder, decent quality printing, cheap, good fax
Fast printing and scanning. Both are good quality. Sheet feeder is great.
Does it all and does it well
It is a copier, fax machine, printer &amp; scanner all in one.
An all in one solution for the home or office. 
12PPM (fast), flatbed, good color quality, sheet feeder
Contains fax, copier, scanner, and printer all in one, therefore takes up little space.
Output, speed, scanner &amp; fax functions, versatility
Versatile, with good features for a real-world office situation.
Easy to Use, Great Quality, All that you'd expect from an HP
Photo Quality Output, Perform Several Tasks At Once, Reliable
good resolution, relatively fast.excellent photo printing. a work horse.
A reasonably accomplished attempt at building an all-in-one machine.
flexibility, creativity, ease of use
good quality copies &amp;amp; prints, does all I need
Fast, quality printing, scanning, and copying!
Fast, Reliable &amp;amp; Great Quality
Just works... all functions work as advertised
great, reliable three-in-one machine, compact design
Multi-use capabilities that meet all of my business needs
Excellent quality and quantity for the price range.
fast printing, very high quality print and scans, can be optimized to paper type
Quick, fast warm-up, handy features.
Copier, scanner, printer all in one fairly quiet HP machine
versatile, great print quality and scans nicely
great printer and copier, multifunction and reasonably priced
great picture quality
Easy access to ink and paper trays
High quality, compact size, easy to maintain
Great quality and speed
COLOR Copy &amp;amp; Scan &amp;amp; Print in a single HP Product
Versatility, flat bed, networking, setup
Convenient, easy to operate, easy to maintain.
Color printer, color scanner, color copier, fax, value, space-saving, HP quality
Does it all, fast, quality output, easy to use
Affordable, high quality, High duty cycle
speed, print and copy quality
Robust Machine Performs Flawlessly
Quick, easy, durable
Excellent performance, longevity
quick, absolutely wonderful color output even on regular paper
Fax, copier, scanner, and printer all in one.
The office jet is just&amp;#13;&amp;#10;as good as the name sais: Jet
It faxes, scans, copies, and prints like a dream!
Space-Saver for Home Offices, Print quality like the pros
Simple to use
Uses a common cartridge, good functionality
fast, standalone, powerful
It does everything, very easy to use.
Size, Clear print, easy to use
Print quality, speed, fax speed &amp; functions, Reliability
Completes four functions from one machine.
Outstanding clarity of printing, ease of use is superb, you can't do better
Multiple functions, easy to install, easy to use.  A four-in-one marvel.
Very Good for home office use.
Versatile, solid, good print quality, good copy quality
speedy black and white printer,multitasks!
Color fax ability, scanner, copier
print quality, ease of use
reliable brand, affordable, good quality, look below
It does everything
Value, Quality, Speed, Versatile, Quiet
Quality color scanning and printing
Simplicity, Resolution, Color
Versatility, Easy of Use, Functional
4 popular products combined into 1. Less clutter. More space.
HP Realiability, crisp color and black print
Everything about it
very affordable
It's HP
Easy, good quality
relatively small footprint considering capabilities, easy to use, fast for an inkjet
http://www.epinions.com/welcome.html?member=schumanfu2  
Beautiful quality and very fast
Fast, quiet and good quality
Quality machine from a strong brand name
HP OfficeJet T45 is good machine, the possibilities are too high.
clear images, not to loud
Love the multifunction capabilities and ease of use.
Ink is very reasonable, very easy to operate.
Clear, crisp, quick printing. Economy print option to save on ink cartridges.
Fast,reliable,easy to use,produces excellent results
Sturdy, reliable; easy to learn.
great
Compact, Great dpi, fast, easy to use
No glitches, easy installation.
Easy to use, image quality
Good speed, super quality, great features
Easy to setup. Excellent print quality. Good scan quality.
Good speed, super quality, excellent features
Easy to set-up, and a breeze to use
ok print quality; inexpensive all-in-one; USB; attractive
Ease of use, good quality printing
Easy to setup and install
compact, easy to use, high quality prints
1.  Copy&amp;#13;&amp;#10;2.  Common but expensive inkjet with the 900X series inkjet printer,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Good, reasonable, compact, no problems with Windows 2000 Professional
Reliable;  very good quality;  excellent value for all-in-one
Awesome quality, great color prints. Quick and quiet.
Good price, decent quality
Sleek, Competitive and Impressive
Everything!  The quality is amazing!
Reasonably priced. Easy to use, very good output quality.
Good scan speed, and scan quality.  Easy to use, affordable, small footprint.
Wonderful functionality
Nice size
Efficient, Reliable, Attractive
Does it all. And in color
Attractive Combo Deal, Excellent Print Quality, Very Compatible w/ Windows 2000
Space saving design
Small Convenient Package
Nothing good to say.  Product was of no use and returned.
Rather compact for all the features, simple button layout, print quality
Price performance ratio high. Versatile.  Feature packed. Durable. Easy to use.
Good price, a lot of features, easy to use
Designed for one purpose and one purpose only
Great quality prints, compact size, built in memory card reader
Compact design, easy to use, high quality, doesn't require a computer
Nice size, nice picture quality.
Small size.  No computer needed.  Great prints.  Great included software.
Wonderful, high resolution, ink jet printer
Great Photo Prints
Compact, easy to set up, good quality printouts
ease of use
Compact, Portable, 1200 X 2400 dpi, Stand alone capable, quick print time
Excellent print quality, card reader, portable
Size, Portability, Speed and Print Quality
WOW!  Great Quality--So easy!
fast, accurate, and clean!
Quality, Price, Durability, Ease of Use, Design, Brand Name, Wide market spread.
Excellent quality, quiet printer.
Impeccable printing quality. Prints with speed and confidence.
ability to read and print from memory cards
Great Color, laser printer quality text, photocard slots, and more.
Very, Very fast for documents.  Great quality for photos.
Amazing quality, very quiet
Great clarity, vivid color, many options
Great print quality, fast text printing, awesome interface for SmartMedia and CompactFlash cards, large inkwells
The color and clarity of pictures is fantastic, easy to use, sleek design
Price, Quality, Reliability
Great pictures, handy smartcard printing, lasting for quite a while.
Low Cost Printer, High Quality Photos, Draft Mode Available.  Slots for SmartMedia and CompactFlash
quality prints-software great-good use of ink
Great print quality
Great value, easy to set up
The quality is fine for a home printer. 
good quality, quieter than previous models, doesn't shake the desk.
It produces descent pictures.
Beautiful Photo Prints!
Easy set-up and quick printing.
Great color print quality.  Can print directly from digital camera flash cards.
Stunning output -- it's really jaw-dropping.
Built-in media readers!  Impressive print quality.  And SO quiet!
Good quality.
Downloads from memory card, great color and resolution
Very user-friendly; excellent print quality.
Very easy to use, prints great
All around versatile printer and, smart media card input.
OUTSTANDING fast true color prints
Awesome quality printing
Produces beautiful photo quality prints.
Picture Quality, speed of printing, card slots for compact flash and smart media cards.  
Great prints for the beginner digital photographer
Top quality prints for both normal and photo uses.Quite,fast and very sexy...
Brilliant output on any paper. Fast, easy to use, convenient, Don't need a computer to print.
Print Quality, Flexibility, Speed
Fast, quiet, and very reliable. 
Beautiful, fast, quiet prints, Card Media
Fast.  Photo quality.  Looks cool, too.
Fast. Photo quality. Looks cool, too.
Easy to set up, sharp pictures
great 8x10 photos, slots for Smart Media/Compact Flash, 4x6 and 8.5x11 trays, quiet, FAST.
convenience
Great features for the price.
Autonomous mode, high quality of prints (even on a usual paper), two-sided printing
Great Photo maker and two-sided printing.
Photo Quality Prints, Duplex Printing, Clear Text Printing
Great photo prints, easy to use
Simple installation, brilliant results
Multi-Purpose, Ease of use, Great Photo &amp;amp; Extremely Quiet when printing
PC and Mac Friendly
Laser-like quality, sample photo gloss paper included, LCD indicator, double paper feed tray
resolution and color that rivals dye-sublimation printers.  
Picture Quality,Easy to Setup,Versatility
Can do just about anything
Great Photo Quality, Print photos without a computer!
Top-notch photo quality.  Fast and great for text.  Quiet. 
Six Color Ink, New Sleek Design,  Borderless printing.  Works with OSX.
OMG photos are coming out of this machine!
Great printings, user-friendly, card reader, and helpful additional software.
Excellent printing quality, great for digital cameras
Card reader,good copies.
Sleek, fast and great photo prints
Outstanding Print Quality.
This is a great photo quality printer.
beautiful prints, great workhorse printer, did I say beautiful printing?
Great photo quality and quiet.
Print direct from your digital memory cards. Borderless printing at 4x6 Snapshot Size.
Great Photos!  Very good on color projects.
Fantastic all around printer - great graphics, photos and text.
Remarkable photo print quality.
High Quality Photo Printing at an affordable price
excellent picture quality, easy use
excellent print quality, couldn't be easier to use
Photo quality excellent. Built in card readers. Can print without a PC.
Very good photo quality with premium papers.  Easy to use memory card reader/writer.  Excellent price
Print your photos without a computer and view them on the LCD on the printer.
Excellent detail quality, excellent overall printer, color LCD, accepts many card types
Lightweight, easy to install
Quality is awesome, speed is excellent, LCD screen is great....
Quiet, attractive, rugged, dependable, quality ink, separate 4x6 tray, superb printouts after software adjustment
Highly versatile input capabilities, fast text print speed, great print output, intuitive, hp historical reliability.
Print from your digital memory card without using a computer, most memory card formats supported.
great print quality. holds extra 3-color cartridge. media card slots. holds 4x6 paper.
LCD, nice quality prints, and it's easy to use
Image Quality, Ease of Installation, Reduced Price ($299)!  Must Buy!
Great picture quality, easy to use, prints directly from memory card
Print the pictures you want.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Choose the size.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Save pictures to pc from printer.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Great picture quality, very easy to operate, good value
Convenient printing from your digital camera memory card and a good price
High quality prints
Great pictures the best great price
low-cost, good quality
High Quality Photo-like results, reliable, easy to use.
Supurb color
good price great photos
Ease of setup and operation, software
You will think you are producing photos
quality -the best
wonderful pictures
Best print Quality Known to Man!
Good Picture Quality, Relatively Inexpensive
Features capability to print with or without computer read to learn of more great features.
Good quality prints! 
Easy to use and prints great!
Smart Card reader feature
Easy to set up and use, Great Quality, Nice Speed.
&lt;i&gt;Excellent Photo Quality Output&lt;/i&gt;
great photo printing
Print Quality is Awesome!
Compact Flash and Smart Media reader built-in, 4x6" paper tray
beautiful design, rapid quality printing, paper treatment, toolbox / diagnostic options
Good Print Quality, Direct Access to photo cards (can use w/o computer)
Memory Card Slot, 4x6 Photo Paper Tray, Thumbnail Printout (directly from memory card), Durability
Print Quality
Great quality, accepts a variety of paper types
Quality of photo prints.  Smartmedia and Compactflash interface.  Print speed.
price, clarity, features
Photo quality prints, quiet
Excellent print quality.  Great for photos.
Awesome Print Quality, Quick Photo printing, Quiet.
Astounding printouts, low price, high resolution, braindead install
feature packed;simple;quality output;price
Under $200, Great Photo quality, great text
Fast Printing, great photo printing, can print directly from camera.
Cool design, ability to print straight from memory cards without a computer, ability to download photos from memory cards to the computer, FAST color printing
Great Photographic Printer
Quiet, Fast, Reads "Memory Cards" (not Sony Memory sticks) directly, Works well on inexpensive paper.
Great photos, easy to use, fast and quiet
Greatest printer ever built
Quiet, fully featured, great quality prints
Killer prints especially on Photo Paper
Great photo quality printing
Georgeous photos
quick, high quality printer and printing
Great photo print quality; fast print times
Photo Quality.
USB compatible.  Excellent, studio-quality pictures
Quality Photo production, easy software, versatility and innovative!
Good print quality
Great prints. Convenient card reader.
Amazing quality
Ease of use, VERY nice quality, pretty fast for an inkjet
Fantastic photo quality! Able to run without being connected to a computer.
Amazing photo quality, easy USB setup!
nice photo prints; print from flash card
Output, quality, features, quiet
Great image quality, good text quality, fairly speedy
Pictures do print out very nice
Brilliant Photo Quality.  Accepts Memory Cards.  Quiet, Fast, an overall excellent printer.
Fast, good quality full page photo printing, reads memory cards.
Good Text, Excellent Color &amp; Builtin Card readers.
Beautiful photos when it was working. Fast card reader.
Very quiet operation, beautiful quality prints, user friendly
Excellent photo quality printing
Convenient true photo quality at an affordable price
The best on the market
great photo quality, high print speed, memory card reader
Ease of use (using the USB PORT) Produces great  prints.
Great print quality, nice overall look to the printer itself - it's awesome!
Best Photo Printing yet.  Very quiet.  Duplex printing
near photo quality, price, decent speed
Pretty darn good photo output with good color range on multiple media types
Excellent Print time for both color and B&amp;W's,Great photos too! Two sided printing feature
Great picture quality
Photo quality excellent, hard to tell from originals.  Wonderful bundled software and 4x6 photopaper tray.
no need of a computer, USB supported
Photo quality prints.  Double sided printing.  Fast Fast Fast.
EVERYTHING
can't say without installing
Outstanding photo quality, and also high quality text printing on plain paper
Versatility
Great Pictures, Great Features, Extremely Versatile
Wonderful Printer, one of the best for photos... lives up to the name!
Everything!
Excellent printer with good quality
1200X2400 dpi, 10ppm color, dual side printing
price, excellent quality, 2 cartridges (one color, one black), ability to print directly from digital camera storage media, you can copy data from a memory card in the printer to your computer
Super quality pictures and normal print
high quality
Multi-purpose, great design, fast and small
great photo quality
True photo quality, quiet operation
Amazing quality, CompactFlash and SmartMedia slots, self-alignment periodically, double-sided printer add-on included, IR port, computer not required, 8 Mb, huge resolution, parallel port/USB, 4.7 PPM Black at best quality, 3.1 PPM color at Best quality, t
Great print quality.  Can handle memory cards and varied papers.
Prints photos as if they were taken to a photo developer...
Great speed, quality, PRICE, and durability. HP has thought of every aspect of photo printing and put it into this printer that can even stand alone w/o a PC attachment!
Wonderful image quality, duplexer eliminates handling of paper to print two-sided documents.
Awesome Print Quality, Extremely Easy to Use, Not that Expensive
Great speed in draft.  Duplexer.  Good image quality.  Revolutionary unit in it's day.
Photos just like from a print shop! Great speed, easy to use.
ease of use, easily installed,  
VERY Nice printer/scanner
GREAT QUALITY,FAST SPEED,NEAT LOOKING,LOTS OF OPTIONS,INEXPENSIVE, AND MOST OF ALL, IT'S MADE BY HP.
GREAT ALL_IN_ONE! FAST, SIMPLE, AFFORDABLE! VERY COMPACT!
very good print quality, good flatbed scanning, computer-free fast copying, nicely designed
Very good price, excellent quality in all functions.
Excellent duplication, Well documented on the usage of product
Print, scan, and copy without cutting corners
the printing quality is very outstanding.  The colors appear true to original.
Excellent Printing/Scanning/Copying quality for the money
Very good features and quality at a bargain price.
Great print quality. Stand alone copy feature is handy. 
Includes a lot of features
Fast, reliable, easy to use and efficient, compatible.
Contains a printer, scanner, and color copier all in one machine
print &amp; scan quality, great color copies, compact size, modest price
Nice quality pictures; Easy to use
great text and photos, excellent memory reader, fast scanner and fax,superior copies
Ease of use, easy to set up.
Very good scanner, printer and card reader
Good print output, decent scanning, fax capabilities, Good copier abilities
Simple to use, easy set up, excellent quality prints!!!
Easy to use, prints digital photos without a computer. Great image quality
Affordable, flatbed scanner, good print quality, space saved.
Excellent photo print quality. High resolution scanner. Quick scanning of fax documents.
It's an all in one.
Compact &amp; well specified for the money
Excellent printing capabilities, versatile, scanner, fax, copier, more?
Scans, Copies, Faxes AND Prints! It's an HP!! Sleek
6-in-1 card reader, copy or print photos without computer, overall good quality
features, smallish for an all-in-one with fax capabilities.
Excellent fax, print, scan functions.
Compact, Good bargain for so many functions. Nice "wow" factor when friends come over.  
Easy to use, flat bed scanner, very quiet, plenty of options.
Easy to setup. Very good scan / print quality. 
Awesome photo printing, convenient multi-function device
Great quality with lots of features
Mulitfunction-in-one, 6 type Memory Card Reader
6-in-1 Card Reader, Proof Sheet Feature, Print Photos or Use Copier Without Having Computer On
Easy to use
Prints, Scans, and Copies
sturdy, great print quality, easy set up
Fast print, nice design, easy to operate.
Very good resolution, quick printing, quite affordable, color printing available.
Quick, Easy Installation.  XP Compatible.  Tri-function at minimal cost
lots of pages per minute with windows 2000
A breeze to set up.  I followed the directions exactly and no problems at all.
does work w/ WIN XP
very well packed (snicker)
Inexpensive
good black and white copier, ink cartridges cheaper than most, can copy without a PC
Scans , Copies , &amp; Prints - All in One!, Affordable
Easy to use, reasonably fast and good picture quality.  Smaller than previous models.
Small footprint, good speed, low operating cost.
Easy to get scans to email. Better print quality and faster than X83 or A3000.
Scans well, Prints quickly, Photocopies effortlessly, inexpensive
Prints &amp; copies nicely &amp; is attractive.
Somewhat quiet, affective
Many functions usable from printer panel or computer.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Good software included.
Print, scan, and copy all in one machine. Easy to use like a pro.
Fast, Quiet, other things
IT'S GREAT.
Prints 11 pages a minute in Black and White and 8.5 in Color
Clears desk of both printer and scanner, Copier great for home use, 
great product. does work w/XP.  
FAST, RELIABLE, EASE-OF-USE, &amp; INK CARTRIDGES LAST A LONG TIME!
Fast, Quiet, Easy to use, no jams so far
One unit into one , fast, and great product.
Great value in an all-in-one machine
Lovely printing and scanning.
Very simple to use - east out of box hook up - great software
Great multifunction capability, media slots, great prints
Prints excellent quality photos and copies.
Multi function, easy to use, high quality printing, 
Excellent All-in-One machine.  Photo printing capabilities without turning on your computer!
Flatbed scanning, color copying, easy to operate
Scanning, Printing, faxing, copying
Scanner, Color Ink-jet printer, Fax, and Photo center all in one!
Great multifunction capability, media slots, great prints &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Great quality of workmanship, great design and functionality
It does almost everything!  Maybe even help pay the rent. ;D
Top quality at everything it does.  The digital camera functions are unbeleivable.
Great all-purpose office machine
Great Color Quality, quiet and very easy to use.
Easy to use, prints pictures AWESOME, nice looking and quiet.
It copies, scans and faxes
Multi-features for a great price.
Nice all-in-one machine, small, decent and easy to use.
2400x1200 Photo prints on photo paper, multi-function use
All you need in one unit
Supports  MAC OSX &amp; 9.  Performs functions the majority of the time. 
Downloading images from a flashcard
Compact size. Excellent print quality.  Fast copying and printing except color.
Scans and copies well.  Low price.
Small footprint
 So much more room on my desk! Inexpensive, very clear, crisp printing. 
Small cost. Takes only as much space as a standard printer. Great print quality.
small size, does everything with ease, user-friendly
4800 dpi Color, Scanner 600x19200 dpi  36-bit, Fast Copier, Less Desktop Space
Small size, inexpensive 
Small footprint, print quality
compact, versatile, smooth looking, black and color ink cartridges included
Compact size and convenience, HP quality.
Does everything it was meant to do and does it very well.
Practical
User-friendly, easy transition between functions, super color copies
Print, Copy, Scan and send Faxes from one unit!
Ink saving features are a great addition; FABULOUS Customer Service; Very Competitive Prices!
Compact style, reliable, all-in-one
Reasonable price, inexpensive black ink cartridges, 35-page document feeder.
versatile, easy to use, pretty good print quality
High quality, cartridges seem to last forever, convienent.
Good print quality, Sheet feeder, large memory.
cheap! Good connectivity software, USB support, CF, compact design, easy to use
Nice, small camera.  Easy to use.
plug and play, ease of use, LCD, great outdoor pictures, if good lighting- good pictures
nice jog dial
Cheap with relatively decent image quality
Very easy to use. Great picture quality for the price. Easy upload.
Inexpensive, LCD screen, Flash, CF media slot.
422 pics in Best quality with 128MB,LCD screen, solid body, timer, date hour info, 
Affordable, easy to use
Clear pictures, nice a lot of money .
The price
can look at photos on camera, basic digital camera, good for beginners
Takes wonderfull pictures
You don't have to have the film developed.
reasonably priced, takes nice pictures, easy to upload into computer
Price, photo quality, ease of use.
Outstanding Photos, High Resolution for Price
Inexpensive
Inexpensive, easy to use
Purchase price
Very good picture quality, extremely easy to use.
Low price, good picture quality, ease of use.
easy to use, for the basic user, a good starter digicam
Really inexpensive, USB connection
Cheap price, great pics most of the time, good value for your money
Cheap, Simple, megapixel, easy battery load, LCD. Prefers still subjects
easy to use, cheap
Nice starter, low price.
Good clear photos, easy installation and use with included software. 
Pictures look good and it's easy to use.
Cheap
usb for fast connection, lcd screen, cheap
Affordable, good quality, and easy to use.
inexpensive, easy to use, durable, great tech support
The price was good for a entry level digital camera.
Excellent Quality No Matter What Pixel Setting!
Great starter digital, awesome pics, price, able to view pics after taking.
It was cheap.
It's cheap.  It's simple to use.  Performance/Price ratio is, in the end, high.
Inexpensive, easy to upload pictures to your PC, easy to use
Sorry, can't think of any.
Inexpensive, Good Picture Quality, easy to use
Low cost
It takes high quality pictures.
LCD, 1.3 MP, Auto Everything, Great build quality!
Easy to use, cheap, flash, decent image quality
Easy to use, Good access to quick pictures
cheap, hard to screw up, easy to use jog dial for simple menus
Great photos! Easy,Easy,Easy to use!
Takes great pictures at high quality setting
Inexpensive digital camera, great quality at high resolution
Less expensive than other 2 megapixel cameras!
Easy to use; downloads quickly; takes excellent photos.
Inexpensive, High Resolution, Easy to Use
Currently a good deal on a entry level digital camera
Easy to use. Digital picture window.
Great Pictures
Easy to use menus, long battery life, easy to use software
Outstanding image quality, very easy to use, great software
easy to use,durable, long battery life
easy to use takes great pics
Solid Construction, ease of use and color accuracy
  Easy to use.  Stylish.
-Low Cost, -LCD Display is very nice, quite clear
Good starter digital camera
excellent quality shots, many on camera options, affordable, low battery consumption, easy to use, Durable
good quality pictures, easy to use
Easy to use.
closeable lens cover-fits nicely in hand-seems to be rugged
Ease of use, picture quality
Easy to Use, lightweight.
Outstanding Picture Quality even in low light, Fast picture transfers using usb cable, 
Price, quality of pictures, ease of use, size
Compact size, relative ease of use.
Fantastic camera for the price
very affordable
Price, USB, Size of Camera
Easy to set up and use. Great quality photos.
Lightweight, easy to use, great picture quality
USB port, great for beginner, easy to use, great price, quality pictures.
EASY! Takes great pictures, and images are easy to edit.
Easy to use for the novice, USB makes downloading a breeze.
Inexpensive.  Software is intuitive.
Easy to use, takes nice photos, small and light, saves $ from buying film
Great Beginners Camera
2.1 Mexapixel resolution, 1.8" LCD, 2.5x digital zoom
Can't be easier to use!  Put batteries in and start snapping.
Reasonable price, zoom capabilities
Easy to use; Upgradable with compactflash cards; Great price.
easy to use, decent picture quality
Is simple to use and takes decent photos.
2.1 mega pixel
Standard double A batteries, picture quality, ease of operation
huh? none now with a better camera out
picture definition, nice look
Simple to use, with most all the features of the more expensive brands.
nice image quality, easy to use
Good form; light; good picture quality
Great rice, great resolution, a bargain for a 2.1 mp
many features &amp; good picture quality
easy to use, great camera for price
Supplied software, USB connection, LCD screen, Digital zoom
2.1 megapixel, ease of use, color rendition pretty accurate, tracking on viewfinder better than older models
great for casual users, nice features for price range, easy to use
Excellent feature content for the money, good quality pictures, user-friendly, USB port.
2.1 Megapixel, cheap, easy to use
Price, 2.1 megapixels, very easy to use
Great pictures, compact to carry, easy to use.
Easy to use, good quality pictures, comparatively very inexpensive
high resolution, ease of use
Affordable, user-friendly 2 megapixel camera with USB interface; uses common AA batteries.
PRICE/Megapixel Ratio,LCD Screen, Ease of use, EVERYTHING AUTOMATIC, Great Software Bundle
Compact&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Easy to use. Compact to carry. Computer Software is simple to use.
Compact, easy to use,easy to upload pictures to the PC
Good price
Easy to use, High quality images, fast USB interface.
A great beginner or professional quality digital camera!
Easy to use; Good quality pictures
Very easy to learn, and use. Pictures are excellent quality for sending over the internet.
Easy to use, sharp photos and good color rendering
Convenient, easy to use menu
medium size, light, very easy to use 
Easy to use, Good pictures.
Easy to use
Takes very clear, crisp photos
loaded with features, 2x digital camera, lightweight and compact
Easy to use; lightweight, USB connection
Small, Light, Easy to use, Good features, 10 second timer
Great features/price for economically minded. High quality pictures.
Great camera at a great price
Internal 8mb memory.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ease of use.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;compact
Can be used with Windows and Macintosh, sleek design
price, easy-to-use, great software, screen.
Great camera for the price.
Extremely easy to use.
Great Price, easy to use, NO FILM!!
Cheap, Easy to use 
Ease of use, price.
Small size, very easy to use
Easy to use
Good camera for someone looking to spend little. Good value.
Clear photos, Good color, VERY easy to use.
Pictures are pretty good for this price
Good price for 2.3 Megapixels, easy to use, excellent WinXP compatibility.
Very easy to use, small and light weight. Great software 
Easy to operate
Easy to take pictures and download them.
cheap, easy to use
Great picture quality for the price.
Great buy for the $$
Lightweight, easy to use, takes up to 100 + photos
Easy to use, good quality photos, plug and play software
Easy to use, not very sophisticated
Easy to use, fairly large storage, good features, decent quality pictures.
Non-proprietary batteries (AA) and storage (CF), small, lcd viewscreen, 3 resolutions
Great picture quality, auto-flash, red-eye control, nice LCD
priced right, easy to use, very durable
Ummm...
Easy to use, great software, light, cheap.
small, lightweight, great picture quality, great value, stylish, easy to use, bundled with good software
Lightweight &amp; small; great software &amp; features; EASY to use
convenient size, easy to use, expandable, good software
Easy to use. Nice and small.
Both camera and software easy to use. Great picture quality if outdoors.
2.3 megapixels, low price
Good small camera, great for people who dont take a lot of pictures. 
Decent goodies for the price
Great photo quality, makes even me look like a pro
Easy to use, video clip feature, takes great snapshots
Easy to use,Takes good pics,4x zoom,
Very easy to use, good quality pictures
PRICE!!!  You can take 30 second video clips, decent pictures 
small, compact easy to use
it is really easy to use. , 
TFT screen,, expandability in memory, viewfinder
Reasonably priced, picture quality settings, self timer
Good camera for the price.  Uses AA batteries; good battery life.
Inexpensive, easy to use, good low end camera
easy to use, good price, great pictures
lightweight, compact, USB cables included, prints directly to HP printers w/ computer
Decent picture quality
Great zoom, red eye reduction
Very simple interface with computer and printer.  Fairly compact.
Good for a first time digital camera user.
HP 612 is a really easy digital camera and takes good pictures.
Great pics! Easy to use!
Easy to Use, Great LCD display, Nice photos
Good resolution on pictures, easy to figure out how to take pictures and upload.
Easy to use, low price, good quality images
Easy to use, good daytime picture
Easy to use, relatively inexpensive to take quality photos
Takes Clear Shots, Easy to Use, Good Features for Price
simple to operate, easy on the chequebook, decent quality pics, lightweight
Ease of use, price, picture resolution
Excellent value camera with many great features.
Great Picture Quality; Easy to use software and hardware; Not too expensive; Many picture-taking options.
Std batteries &amp; memory &amp; form factor. Easy to use, good automatic settings.
Inexpensive, all inclusive, simple to use.
Suburb photos, point and shoot, good battery life, excellent customer service, dummy proof.
Good optics and ergonomics, great price.
Quality, Price, Picture quality. Customer Service people. Pentax Lenses. Software
Very easy to use, not too bulky.
Takes great shots, comes with 16MB card, lots of features and cool software.
Easy to use.  Good photos.
Great for getting your feet wet in digital for the price, great for quick shots
Great image quality, good manual  overrides, nice looks and ergonomics. 
Easy to use.
Comfortable case, good range of option, shutter controls a big plus, price
Sharp pictures, great color, lots of options
Convenient, good price
Easy to operate, Excellent Quality, Reasonably priced, Memory is cheap
Easy to use, quality
Fast, Fun, And Easy To Use! 
2.11 MP, Yields Large Prints, Pentax ZOOM Lens, Many Manual Control options.
manual controls, both LCD and viewfinder, adjustable flash, optimum range for lens
The Best 'Bang For The Buck!'
3x/optical zoom, Pentax lens, very good flash, 2 ISO levels, HP support.
Great Features, Performance, Upgradable
Excellent photos, great software included with 618xi
Fantastic pictures for the Money. Point and shoot like no other.
Excellent resolution, Excellent Features, Able To Add Audio To Your Pictures And Video Clips!
Reasonably Priced
Great Picture Quality, compact
Ease of use, even a novice like me can get great pix. 
Good Picture Quality (the 25 it took)
Durability, size, zoom, options
price, photo quality, built in memory
simple to use, price, 3.3 MP
Camera takes great quality pictures.  SD Card and small size.
Price
Excellent quality, Great Features, Comfortable To Hold!
Great picture quality that is very simple to use with my other HP products
Easy to use and produces quality photos
Tons of features, easy to use, fantastic resolution
Easy to use with excellent results.
Professionals will like this one. Lots of bells &amp; whistles!
Nice zoom, records decent quality video with sound, compact size, good price.
This camera is tempting because it has so many features. Great zoom lens too!
Low price
good picture in full sun
Superb picture quality, ease of operation
Very easy to use.  Great pictures on computer/printer.  Enough features to satisfy anyone
Clear 4 megapixel shots, 2 minute movies
size, picture quality, durability, video feature, timer
Compact, many features, ease of use
Awesome pictures (even in low light!) light weight, good build quality, good zoom, great interface!
Very easy to use right out of the box
8x optical zoom, 4 mega-pixel resolution
Great pictures, intuitive interface, easy downloads.
super sharp photos, comparable to my SLR. Very easy to use.  Great zoom
Great zoom, good feature set
High quality pictures
Great zoom capacity, intuitive menu structure, high quality images, great value
Excellent Zoom, sharp photos even at high digital zoom settings, EXIF info on all photos
Great quality, awesome zoom, good battery preservation, video mode
Pretty good zoom, LCD in the view finder is great, cheap, takes night shots
8X optical zoom, good pics even at night. Easy operation. AA bateries
affordable beginner solution
ease of use, great software
Price, ease of use
Price and 1 Megapixel
Best available quality for the price. 
Easy to use with great results!
none
picture quality 
can choose which pictures to keep
Instant Pictures to share with family on the www
Wonderful
Many options to suite your needs
Durable, easy to use, quality pics, compact flash memory
simple, high quality photos, versatile
Great picture, color, ease of use
very easy to use, good flash, large viewfinder
Great picture quality, ease of use, LCD display.
when it works, it's an ok camera for the price
Image quality, and LCD, minor manual controls, and quality optics on the cheap.
Very simple, good quality, and great value.
Clear and quality pictures, day or night, view screen.
very easy to use
Equal to 35 mm. This is one of the BEST little cameras. &amp;#13;&amp;#10;A+ camera!!
Easy to use, nice size camera.
Great pictures Cheap Price
Easy to use, high quality photos, inexpensive, fun.
Great photos even indoors, Great value, Great battery life w/out LCD
Really clear photos
Great pictures
Ease of use and quality
easy, great quality
Easy to use, HP Quality and support, Low cost, Great first / family Camera!
User Friendly!
easy to use
very easy to take great pictures
quick and easy
inexpensive and excellant photo quality
Takes great pictures
Low cost, compact flash technology
AA batteries, Compact Flash media, LCD screen, auto focus
Easy to use, Good pictures
Price, Features, Zoom, Standard memory card
easy to use, rugged, good picture quality
Currently available under 200, red-eye reduction, decent capacity.
Quality photos, easy to use, price.
easy to use, low price, uses flash memory
Inexpensive, good quality, easy to use
quality=high, price=low
Excellent image in daylight conditions
cost, quality of photo, ease of use
Very user friendly
price, ease of use
Outstanding product
Price, quality, user friendly
Pros: Easy to use, Picture quality excellent on all resolutions (superfine, fine, and basic)
Easy At Home Picture Developing
Great camera name u trust 
Camera is simple to Use; Save Money, High quality photos; instant photos; view pics on TV, PC, or Camera instantly
consumer price
Price, quality of photos
easy to operate and affordable
Affordability, ease-of-use, quality digital photo's
Price, ease of use, software
Easy to use and easy menus, good quality!
price, photo quality, ease of use
Good picture quality
Inexpensive
easy, quality
ready to use right out of the box
Price - Quality -Ease of use
user friendly, many uses, cost
good clear pictures, automatic focus and flash nothing to set.
Ease of use, Cost effective.
Easy to use
great photo quality, easy for beginners
color
Price, Photo Quality and Ease of Use
easy to operate
Inexpensive-lightweight-easy to use-great quality photos
clear pictures, Hp
ease of use
Features, Usability
ease of use
very sharp photos
price, quality and ease of use
Very easy to use, inexpensive, multiple resolutions, versatile
price, picture quality, 
Easy To Use, only $270
Ease of use, Affordability
easy to use, not too expensive
So/so image quality
Price, Quaility, software, and ease of use 
6
Price, LCD
No Wasted Pictures, Save and MAKE money
easy and small
Price, Quality, Value, Ease of Use
easy to use , FUN
great device
Inexpensive and stylish
cheap, good resolution
Easy to use, great resolution
Cost, ease of use, quality of photos
Great quality for the money
Excellent Picture Quality, Reasonable Price, Feature Rich, CompactFlash Memory Storage
Fine quality photos for under $300
Easy-to-use, Durable, Great Photo Quality.
zoom
easy to use
Best camera on the market especially at that price
Easy menu options, functional features
Good value for money as starter digital camera, decent battery life if careful with LCD, easy to use
Cheap, sturdy, easy to use
Good durable camera
Good picture quality, intuitive operation, very appropriately priced.
Nice outdoor pics
easy to use
Great camera for Beginner
Easy to use, great software
no problems figuring out how to use it.
Price
Great price, nice pictures, screen is a plus
Inexpensive, easy to use, good quality photos
easy to use, multi features, great photo quality
Great photos
very nice pictures low price
Ease of use, 4AA batteries, compact
real easy to use
good quality for the price
Relatively inexpensive 
ease of use
Easy to use, Good price
Many Features
reliable, good pics, well-priced
Easy to use, affordable.
Price, Good Picture Quality, Ease of use.
Great for web photos
Easy to use,great features,clear pictures,excellent price,plenty of storage.
Inexpensive, excellent 1 megapixel image quality for the price, well built
Superb performance, full features for the price.
Cheap, holds lots of pictures, and anti-redeye.
Quality pictures, LCD Display with easy-to-use menu
Pics are good, easy to use
Great basic digital camera
Photo quality, LCD screen, ease of use
ease of use/good software/normal appearance
great quality
Price, weight, LCD
Good Quality pictures
Affordable, easy-to-use, great features.
size, weight, simplicity
Good price, good pictures.
Nice quality for the price; lots of features 
Price, Graphic Quality, Battery Life, Interchangeable Storage Card, LCD Controls, Look and Feel
easy to use,hookup to computer,or TV
Nothing but praise.
Great pictures, Best expansion Capabilities, Easy to use
Very easy to set up and use
Great photo quality, easy to use, great software, downloads automatically, LCD display on back
Great picture easy to use
Ease of use for novice and pro alike
Cost, Ease of Use, Picture Quality
comes with baterries/some assembly requierd
Good Image Quality, Long Battery Life, Great Price
Price, on-screen display, ease of use
Good price, easy to use
easy to operate
Easy to use, but still takes great pictures.
Megapixel at great price
Point and Shoot Simplicity
none
good pictures, small camera
Everything
front swivel wheel, 5 point harness, lightweight, easy assembly
Easy assembly, great ride, &amp; affordable.
Turns on a dime, storage...too much to list!
Easy to turn, seat is padded
Easy to push &amp; steer with one hand!, Easy to fold and unfold!
easy to use, handles well, lots of features for the price
Smooth ride, Turns easily, Comfy for toddler, Adjustable handle, Looks great
Adjustable handle height, pneumatic wheels, tight turn radius, switches to a jogger, sturdy.
EASY fold, easy to drive and much more!
One hand foldability, pneumatic tires, useable with infant seats to 50lb children, adjustable handle.
Cute, cute, CUTE stroller with no ugly plastic wheels!  
lightweight, easy steering, compact, smooth ride
Turns on a dime; opens with one hand; smooth ride for baby
test
SMOOTH operation, affordable, adjustable handle for short and tall people...a lifesaver!
Maneuverability, can fit most infant carriers, easy assembly
Smooth ride, pneumatic tires, easy to steer, and holds child up to 50 lbs
Easy to steer &amp; great one hand fold. Comfortable for baby &amp; us.
Portable, functional, extremely mobile
Great Options, Video Feature, Small, Easy to Upload, Easy to Upgrade Memory
Quality large images, medium size
Great for posed pictures,, Good quality pictures., Quick review time of pictures
Several Different Modes Available with excellent quality photos and videos
Low price for 3+ Mega pixels; Comes with a charger and AC adaptor
Small design, light weight design, viewfinder
Great features/modes, high resolution, color fidelity, excellent metering
Lots of features, Manual mode, Compact, $$ Value, 3.3 Megapixels
high performance, low cost
Very reputable brand name
It's small and has many functions, and the discs hold a lot of pictures.
Super cheap, and it functions.  Great for kids.
Cheap, usb &amp; serial, ok w/ win xp, lightweight, takes a beating
Cheap&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to Use
lightweight, affordable
Easy to use, affordable
Cheap
Inexpensive, Easy to use software
Cheap camera
Low cost, cute, standard USB cable
Great Price
Cheap, durable
Small, lightweight and Cute
Cheap, Robust, USB connection, flash, cheap to run
Great click and shoot, focus free camera.  Great first time camera
Fast to download pictures into your computer
NOT COSTLY
Great Software Comes With Camera
Adequate for the money
Fast, Convenient, Uncomplicated
None
It is cool looking
Cheap
Excellent software to accompany camera
Inexpensive, easy, good software
Cheap; Fisher/Price-esque colors make it hard to lose
Easy to use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Lightweight
It IS a digital camera! 
inexpensive
It looks cool
Easy to use, Works on a Windows or Macintosh Computer, comes with all cables.
Price $30 dollars at Wal-mart
It isn't lots of money and it's a way of getting pictures onto the computer.
Cheap and easy to use.
Small, lightweight, easy to use, and affordable.  
Cheap, fair pictures
Price
Easy to understand
Cheap, durable, decent quality
Low price; Acceptable for an adult who will settle for just okay. 
Cheap Good pics in the right places
great price and decent pictures
It came with softwear
Inexpensive, easy to use, easy software.
Very durable, Costs very Little, great software
great for people who want to fix their BAD pictures!!
Inexpensive digital camera
works with the touch of a button
cheap, nice pictures,easy to use
Easy to use.
Fairly decent for someone just learning to use a digital camera
Inexpensive
Cheap, Easy to use.
Easy to use, Works on a Windows or Macintosh Computer, comes with all cables.
none
Software, usb &amp;amp; serial cables
price, ease of use
Price
Was fun to play with at first!
price,clear pictures,easy to download pics to computer
Easy to Use, looks cool, NO FILM :)
Cheap, Easy to Use
easy to use
simple to use, attractive packaging
Great quality for under $100
Inexpensive
Good for beginners (kids)
Price, light weight
Easy to operate
durable, made for little hands
Lots of pictures, pick and choose
cheap, good software
Great Price, Great Software
Cheapest you can buy &amp;amp; easy to use
Great tool for beginners
Inexpensive, Fun, quick and easy!
Price and ease of use
You don't have to be plugged into the computer to take pictures
a good door stop
Cheap!
hmmm....it's a nice paperweight, good software
lightweight
Good, inexpensive way to get into digital photography
easy to use. no film or cards needed. 
Cheap, Picture it Software
Inexpensive
looked durable
Fun for events, very light weight
cheap, lightweight, easy to use
none
none
easy to use
Inexpensive, GREAT battery life, some of its pictures are OK for web use if doctored up, includes both serial and USB cables.
Cheap, Light As A Cloud
quik digital pictures
inexpensive, fun to play with.
It is lightweight.
cheap, nice style, works well
Nice Price
ease of use, rugged appearance, comes with 2 programs
cheap
cheap
Cheap and easy
cheap
cheap, and takes pics such as they are
pretty clear pictures and fun and easy software included.
Easy to operate
free gift from gateway
price
Ease of use, low cost
none
great for kids&amp;amp;e-mail
It's easy to use
Cheap
No rushing to the store for film
A great value for the begginer
$80
price
inexpensive, easy to use
None
inexpensive
Durablity
low price, easy to use
Lightweight, convenient USB interface, MulitMediaCard slot
price, ease of use, durable
Cheap
Small, sleek
price, software
Inexpensive
Plastic case, durable, long battery life.
Inexpensive, decent pictures, very easy to use
Easy to use, very inexpensive
Great price, good pictures, easy set up
Quality for the price, ease of use
Cheap
small, light, cute
Cheap,Durable 
Wow! My first digital cam.
Inexpensive, fun software, 3.0 has a flash!
it's very light, holds 21 pic. and Compatible to serial ports
Good picture quality, good price
Easy, cheap, fun
Affordable
Great for close up
Picture Quality, Easy to Learn and Use
Good picture quality, instant review
Simplicity itself for use
image quality, ease of use
Great pictures, Customized settings
Easy to use, great picture quality
Price
A very nice camera for the price
Versatile and somewhat cheaper.
Price to quality ratio
inexpensive yet fully functional
Easy to use, good color and quality
Very good resolution quality
Compact, easy to use
simple, basic, easy to read directions
Cheap, easy to use, fun
takes good pictures, easy to use, ability to add lenses
easy to use, good picture quality
comparable to higher priced models
Features vs price
Compact, speedy downloads, crisp and clear images
Good Price, Ease of use, many features
inexpensive, easy to use
Good picture quality, inexpensive, basic features
Good everyday digital camera
Great look and value
Easy to use, Good quality pictures
easy to use, takes clear pictures
good quality pictures
Price, picture quality, ease of use
Very well built Great pictures for the price paid.
Inexpensive, very sturdy construction, USB card reader included.
Handy, simple to use
Takes sharp pictures, loads directly onto my computer
Good photos, nice size, easy to carry and use, nice set of features
Good value cam for 1-megapixel camera
Lightweight, great digital for someone just entering digital camera era
Effortlessly transfer photos to your PC using a cable
User-friendly, simple, nice-looking body
light, ease of use, great photo quality
ease of use, optical zoom, good quality pictures
High-quality, easy to use, fun.
great value megapixel digital camera, USB file transfer
fairly inexpensive; versatile
Price, ease of use, photo quality
User-friendly, very good output
Easy to use,  Great looking photos
Very clear pictures at a regular resolution, lightweight,, and very dependable
Price, quality, basically everything
Good Resolution, Good Screen Size, Easy to use
Picture clarity, Kodak Name, Ease of Use, Zoom
Easy to use, price is right, saves you money in the long run if you love to take pictures.   
VERY simple
price, user-friendly, compact, picture quality
Good ergonomics, sharp macro shots, good flash, easy to use
Price, small size, metal case, Brand Name, optical zoom.
Easy for a beginner to use!
The camera has it's advantages, small, lightweight, easy to operate and handle.
easy to use, nice pictures, very portable
Good photo quality, LCD screen let's you preview photos
Inexpensive, tough, small enough to fit in pocket, excellent flash, easy to use.
Easy to use, great pictures.
Compact, High-Quality Pics, USB Card Reader
Easy to use, great pictures
easy to use, great software, small
Ease of use, quality of pictures
easy to use, small and good pictures
Good picture quality, lightweight, stylish, good interface
easy to operate, able to view picture immediatly
Sharp Pictures
Great Overall Feel And Quality
1'8 inch LCD View Finder
lightweight, simple interface, autotimer, video out
Easy to use, great pictures, good price
easy to use
Quality pictures for a reasonable price.
Uses Compact Flash, AA batteries &amp;amp; takes great pictures
Ease of operation
compact, inexpensive, simple
easy to use, great pictures, lower cost
High Quality, Quick Transfer, Low Cost
Good options, great auto focus
Great inside shots. Flash works well.
Best product in its price range, lots of options, easy to use, great support and warranty
Small, sexy, ergonomically wonderful, great pictures
Photo Quality , ease of use, features.
Size, weight and quality.
Looks nice, user friendly, fun to use.
Loaded with USABLE features. Expandable memory
Small sleek design, ease of use, good quality pictures.
Easy to understand and follow manual, easy to use camera and all its features, not too expensive to purchase
everything
Pocket sized, easy to operate
professional standard photos for the web
Picture Quality, Price and Ease of Use
Small compact
awesome quality pictures, easy to use, downloads fast
great pictures; ease of use
Value for money, compact
Easy to use, Great detail &amp;amp; color, Vibrant!
FUN!
Great picture quality
Build quality, value
Good price
Great camera, good price
Perfect Pictures Every Time
clear sharp images
price, ease of use, lots of useful features
good value, USB reader, good quality shots, small
Quality, Price, Ease of Use
good price, good pictures, perfect for web use
Sleek, stylish, great pictures, easy to use, great value, everything really!
durable, light weight, small, easy to use
Cheap, Good Quality Pics, Packed with features
Being able to delete pictures as you take them
Easy to use and quality pictures
Easy to use, good pictures, reasonably priced
Sturdy, optical zoom
Ease of use, very good pictures inside with no movement
Easy to use, affordable.
Excellent buy for the low cost! Works just as well as the more expensive digital cameras!! Easy and quick to learn how to use!
compact,nice looking,very good photos
Fast, easy, convenient
See pictures right away.
Price, ease of use
Great pictures, great features.  I'm in love!
Compact and Easy to use
Bang for the Buck, Mega-pixel, LCD for under $300
Ease of use, quality of photos, lcd screen.
Easy to set up,easy to use
You can delete a picture if you don't like it. No wasted film or waiting for film to be processed.
Good-quality picture, easy to use, red-eye reduction and other great options, &amp;amp; affordable price.  
Digital, Lots of pictures, Easy to use
Very easy to use, Stores large number of shots
Easy to use, light weight, nice feel camera
Kokak DC215
good picture, good interface, good price
size, weight, photo options
Simple to use, Great Clarity and Color Reproduction
Solid camera body.  Good indoor, email, &amp;amp; smaller printed quality pics.  Very easy to use, and good documentation.
Easy to use
great photo quality
an excellent introduction to digital photography
Easy to use and understand
Ease of use
quality, availablity, lcd screen, style
Awesome picture taking, Easy use
Ease of use, functions, low cost
Price, durability,warranty,features
1 Megapixel, Price, Zoom, Easy to use, great indoor quality.
Easy to use, informative upper LCD display, feels good quality, fair picture quality
Quality Kodak lens coating; small, light; versatile; great color; sharp images; great close-ups, night-shots.
price, ease of use, nice quality photos, LCD screen, small size, 2x zoom
Easy to use, good picture quality
Great Quality photographs, Compact Flash Card, Worth it's weight in gold!
Easy to use, decent quality pictures, good features for the price.
Small, sturdy.  Inexpensive for what you get.  USB Scandisk for transferring pictures.
Very easy to use with quality pictures.
Stores many pictures, no need to change film after 24 exposures!
Excellent Close up images.
Zoom, Flash/Red-eye reduction, Easy to use, Clear pictures
Great camera, excellent pictures!
Not too expensive.  Pretty good close ups.  Built VERY sturdy.
Great result in a small pretty package
Easy to use, lots of photos, good quality, easy transfer to computers. 
Compact and digital
USB, ease-of-use, great photos
All the extras that came with it are easy to use. The option of looking thru the peep-hole or seeing it on the screen.
comparable to higher priced models
large photos, great quality
Wonderful photos, delete what you don't like, easy
Compact, handy size
Terrific photo quality, great support, easy to use
Great daytime pictures, very easy to use
Optical zoom, battery life, size
USB Connection, can shoot pictures in rapid succession, quick and easy to use for webmasters
Takes good pictures, and plenty of them before downloading.
Great Pictures
small, easy to carry
Great Shots, Good Battery Life, Digital
Easy to use, takes mini disk, choice in quality of picture, choice in color, B&amp;amp;W, sepia, battery charger, and batteries included, zoom
Easy to use
Easy to use, Reliable
Easy to use; Good value for the money; Great camera for the beginner
Optical zoom, long battery life, ease of use
take many pictures w/o having to reload anything, nice auto-focusing, reasonable price for its quality
Usr friendly and good quality
Small, easy to use, great price.
Not A One
easy to use, see pictures instantly and delete ones you don't want
Ease of use, great quality, fairly large memory card. 
good looking, ease of use, affordable
Easy to use, good photos
compact, excellent quality, fun to use
Ease of use, quality pictures, selectivity of pictures
Superb Color Rendering, Sharp pictures, powerful yet easy to use
ease of use, features
small, light, tough, inexpensive, viewfinder
Battery life, Picture quality
Great Price, Great Images,Ease of use
1.3 megapixels will get you 54 pictures at 640 x 800
Features, price, picture quality
very user-friendly
Nice, quality camera, very easy to use
Construction quality, compact size, picture quality
Easy to use, multifunctional
ease of use, great features, low cost
Moderate Price, Great package deal
Picture quality, ease of use, build quality
Good customer service
Great camera for a great price
Great quality at a good price
Good quality images and hardware, Nice ergonomic design, 3X optical zoom
Easy to use; high quality pictures; 
Great images, easy to use, easy to download pictures
Easy to use, high quality photos.
Everything!
Features, image quality
excellent design, lots of features
Portable, easy to use
Great pictures, very easy to use, excellent software, brilliant color. 
Has Features of Cameras Double the Price, EXCELLENT Value!
Simple to use, Easy menus, User friendly
Easy to use, sharp detailed images
Very easy to navigate menu and change settings. Software drivers integrate well with photo applications.
Great quality pictures, fast download speed, fast loading speed, great features.
good price for a camera with zoom
Outstanding indoor shots. Optical zoom. Good battery life. USB.
Sleek, Durable, Megapixel, easy to use good quality photos.
Easy to use, great pictures, good size, mostly reliable
sturdy, dependable, reliable, clear
Easy to use, great software.
Great resolution, simple to use
superb photo quality and ease of use. light and rugged enough to take being knocked around. 
excellent, uncomparable quality
Easy to use, Takes decent photographs
Wonderfully detailed pictures
great camera,
Great image quality
Good picture quality, point and click, unlimited storage on compact cards, and audio capability.
Ease of use, Excellent Pictures
Easy to use
Very good overall
zoom/number of pictures/quality
picture quality, optical zoom, price
Resolution, Zoom, LCD
great combination of features for price
See your pictures NOW!!
great pictures, lots of features, price is coming down!
HIGH quality, lightning speed downloads, easy to use
Excellant Detail, Easy to use and hook up
Great camera, usb interface is wonderful
USB compatible, easy to use, zoom feature, viewfinder  ,
Ease of use, vibrant color
high resolution, zoom, USB connection
ease of use, customizable O/S, good quality image &amp;amp; color
Takes great pictures.
Superb image quality, easy to use graphical user interface, easy upgradeability (CompactFlash cards)
image quality
great color, easy to use
picture quality; ease of use
Decent resolution, good quality, ease of use
Easy to use, good photo quality, small in size
Excellent picture quality, ease of use, super software support
Great Quality, a lot of options for picture quality.  Options of 56-300+ pictures (32MB Card)
quality photos, very easy to use software
Easy to navigate and use, more than sufficient memory, rechargeable batteries, great photos even at 8 x 10
Functions
Stunning Image Quality, Lots of Storage, Good software bundle
Amazing resolution
Great Value, Lots of features
Quality photos, USB connection
Easy to use, great picture quality
Excellent image quality, good price, USB support
Easy to use, good resolution, large memory
Excellent photos
Very easy to use
Super easy to use, great picture quality, small in size
&lt;b&gt;Excellent pictures, versatile, affordable&lt;/b&gt;
Size, Price, Resolution, Menu Layout
Great photos for the price, easy to use, sturdy
Easy to use. Good still shots on cloudy days.  
Easy to use, Software installs easily, Customer service is excellent
comprehensive features
It's very easy to take great photos with this camera!
Good quality pictures
Sharp Photos at 2.0 Mega Pixels, Good brand, and User Friendly
sharp, clear pictures with great color; compact; CompactFlash media
Everything is in the box, 20Mb memory card, quick start up time, USB support
Speed, res, size, quality
mega pixel mega pixel!!!
superb pic quality, easy of use
rugged, great pictures, easy to use
Great Pictures!
Size/USB Interface/Storage Capacity/2Mpixels/Zoom/Menu
USB, high res, large memory
Great photo quality
Almost everything
Cool features and great customer service
easy to use, great pictures
easy to use, takes great photos
instant gratification/excellent quality
Everything!!!!!
great pics
Great pictures, easy to use
Great pix;Quality bundle;A kid could use it
Memory
Great resolution, easy to use (point and click)!!
Price
Easy to use and quality photos
2.3 Megapixels, USB interface
lots of manual settings
size, price, image quality, ease of use
Great Images, Optical Zoom, Good features
Image quality, size, menu system
Great pictures, quick turn around to send them on the internet...
price, resolution, ease of use, features, zoom, picture sharpness, exposure and resolution, durability
Superb pictures, easy to use, good price.
everything
Great pictures, standard JPEG pictures
Price, stunning still pics, usb
Very simple use
Great pictures, great software and easy to carry around!
Ease of use
great photos,can be found on sale
Instant access to pictures, ease of use, editing on computer
clear pics,  easy operation, customizable features
Excellent picture quality, easy to use
easy and efficient/durable
High Resolution, Zoom Capabilities, and User Friendly Camera Manual Instructions and   NI-MH rechargeable battery and Charger
Amazing quality, USB interface, large memory card included
Great pics, fun, easy to use, good price
Fantastic pictures, saves money over the long run, instant gratification
Picture quality, ease of use
USB, Smart Media card expands storage and transfer options, pictures are crisp and clear
Great pictures, Cost
Simple quality images
picture quality, ease of use, great software
Great Outdoor in sun pictures
2x optical zoom lens and heaps more
Image quality, ease of use, durability, USB connection 
Kodak name
Easy to use
easy to use, saves money on film
small, excellent picture quality
snapshots, instant preview/review
great photos, easy to use
Easy to use, great quality
Great resolution, decent zoom
Ease of use, quality of results
Price, Features, Nice Screen
Fast transfer to pc with USB included.
Easy to use, durable, quality photos
It Is A Digital Camera
Excellent camera for the price
Easy to use
Nice Pictures, Sturdy Case, Flexible Controls
Resolution, usage, aesthetics
image quality, value,ease of use
Great Camera , Awesome Photos
Great colors,detail,ease of use &amp;amp; price
great photos
TV-out, great image quality, good software
LCD Monitor,Resolution,Price
excellent photos, CF memory, point-and-click
easy to use, light weight.
All the features I will ever need!
Terrific Pictures
Super easy to use, a lot of features for the price, great flash
2 Megapixel
Great Quality Pictures&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Comes with all the extras you need
Size, cost, versatility, cost savings, picture quality, comes with rechargeable batteries.
Easy to use; Good indoor/outdoor quality; Good color/picture quality
Easy to use and comes with everything to start taking beautiful digital photos.
Great looking daylight pics, Easy to operate
Beautiful picture quality
Good picture quality, CompactFlash compatible, decent zoom, many advanced features.
Fantastic Picture Quality; Durable well built camera.
excellent pictures, sound recording, sturdy build, low light capabilities, USB connectivity
sharp images, great color reproduction, neat features, intuitive interface
Beautiful HI RES pictures achieved! Fair pricing! 
Excellent picture quality, impressive features.
Incredible photo quality. The ability to take uncompressed photos (TIFF).
Great Pictures
Resolution, 20mb memory included
2.3 megapixels, 2240X1500(max resolution), 24 bit color, JPEG or TIFF formatting, audio capabilities, 20 MB memory card 
Easy to use, USB capable
Quality &amp;amp; Ease of Use
Great photos, can add lenses and filters, large dynamic range in photos.
Great pictures, Audio, 2 megapixel, 3x zoom, USB
Convenience, no film to develop, ease of use
Image quality, accurate auto-sensors
So easy to use from Point and Shoot to Uploading!
Easy to use, Video and sound function, and Good picture quality 
Great image quality, easy use with Windows
Good price; semi-pro camera; 3MP range W/Digita Scripting and GPS interface capability
Worked, for about one year
Excellent usage
Great picture quality and depth, produces great printed copies
Excellent Pictures, Easy to Use
Great pictures, easy to use, scriptable
Outstanding features and photos
High-tech made easy!
incredible image quality, big (32mb!) compactflash card
Great specs, great value, CompactFlash, USB, extras, software, support
Great resolution, zoom feature, usb
every feature in the book, super clear photos
unbelievable images
Size, Quality, Speed, Picture Quality
Great camera, Easy to use
Good, solid camera, suitable for the everyday user
its bundled with a lot of extras!
top of the line, great quality, lot's of new functions
Excellent photo quality, many nice features, easy to use
very good camera
very good picture quality
Great resolution, fairly easy to use, high picture capacity
Out of the box digital camera
excellent picture quality
all plus pictures, ease. controls
Excellent color reproduction and fine detail reproduction, a lot of features, allows you store uncompressed images, USB interface
Great pictures, easy to use and adjust
Quality Pictures
Resolution, ease of use
Great Camera for $900-$1200 range
supports scripts, picture quality
ok at snapshots
Color accuracy; consistent program modes
Picture quality, durability, design, ease of use.
User friendly, easy tutorials
digita scripting, very easy to use interface
Ease of use and quality of pictures
easy to use great quality photos
- 2-megapixels resolution - compression-free imaging - PC or Mac connection via USB port
Great quality pictures
easy to use, wonderful quality pictures
Images, features, price, design
Works like a camera, great color
Superb Image Capture
Excellent quality pictures,NiMh battery operation,USB interface. This is a must camera for vacations as you can take hundreds of pictures on a 64M CF card.Couldn't imagine doing this on a Sony which uses floppy disks. 
Zoom Capability,20mb card,recharging batteries,great reprints on Epson printer.
Excellent pictures, easy to use
Big CCD, great quality pictures, lots of features.
Easy to use, 2" LCD screen, use of Digita scripts, professional image quality, 3x zoom
2.1 megapixel with 3.3 capable. custom scripting, point and shoot
Great picture quality, configurable, hackable, customizeable scripts
High resolution pics great for printing.
Extremely sharp photos.  Easy to use after you become familiar with it.
Inexpensive, very easy to use.
LOW COST, EASY USE, GOOD QUALITY
Easy&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Decent quality
Lightweight, easy to use and takes reasonably good pictures for the low price.
Simple, Cheap, Fun
simple, quick!
easy to use, several features, AA battery operated
Immediate pictures
clear pics, zoom, easy to use
super low price of $60, 2 MB memory, AA battery operated, LCD, simple to use
easy to use, compatible with flash memory cards
Great beginner camera, easy to use features, price!
1 MP, int 2 MB, uses CF cards, easy to use, uses standard AA batteries
Great buy for the features and picture quality!
picture quality, LCD screen, easy to use, compact card flash
Good starter camera, memory expansion, quality pictures, pricing, trusted name.
Ergonomically sound. , Great "beater" camera., Ease.of functionality
Great camera for beginers.
Very inexpinsive
fast east pictures, great for quick upload to web site or email
Durable,Memory,Low price,decent pic quality.2x zoom
EASY TO USE First Digital Camera
easy to use, well priced, compact flash card capable, uses AA's
Awesome photos
lightweight
Easy to use, good price
Very vivid LCD Display.  Excellent Quality Pictures
Fairly easy to get started, low price.
It cannot be any easier to use.  Good photo quality for price range.
PRICE, Memory, Bundle
Affordable price,, Light weight,, Good quality of pictures in day-light
Price, quality, ease of use.
Price, size, durability
Low price.  Easy to use.  All the basics.  Serial cable makes it compatible with any 32-bit Windows PC
a &amp;quot;snap&amp;quot; to use, variety of functions, lightweight
Solid hardware, good software
Cheap, 2MB Onboard Memory, LCD
Excellent price, very easy to use with a great menu setup on the camera
Price, Ease of Use
Good quality photos, low price, easy to use
Easy to use and inexpensive
excellent photos, easy to use, reasonable price
Razor sharp pictures, long battery life, plenty of features and a low price.
Easy to use, good price
Can see photos right away, very easy to use
Great photos.
Kodak name, Price, easey to use
Inexpensive. Great starter camera.  Uses AA batteries 
easy cheap quick and a lot of fun 
Cheap.  Easy to use, clear menus, quick setup, decent photos with little effort.
Good Enough Pics for the money.
Price
Good camera for the money.
Great Digital Camera quality and ease of use. 
Picture quality, ease of use, features.
Excellent picture quality, sturdy, simple, good options, good customer support
Easy to handle and very good quality pictures, and selection options for selecting the quality.
Super easy to use, wonderful quality images, plenty of features, great price.
Handy, good picture quality, almost point-and-shoot
Great image quality, reliable, compatible with Mac &amp; Windows
Easy to use.  Easy to upload to Mac.
ok pics, big enough that it's hard to lose
Easy to use interface, easy to hook up to your computer and upload pictures, 
Excellent picture quality, easy to use, both optical and LCD viewfinders
Nice and small, solidly built, fast, clear and convenient. Great beginner!
Ease of use, solid feel
Small and Compact
I was taking pictures and e-mailing in 5 minutes.
Image Quality, Connectivity, Build Quality and style, rock solid drivers
excellent image quality, pretty good zoom lens, usb interface, video out port
Good camera for those getting started with digital photography.
*Easy to Use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Durable (Doesn't feel Cheap)&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Great Pictures&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Great Battery Life&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Nice Menus
Very easy to use, takes wonderful Photos&amp;#13;&amp;#10;highly recommended.
Ease of Use, Picture Quality
Sparking little performer; super features
Ease of use
Great pictures, has features usually found on more expensive cameras
Easy to use
easy to use - great picture quality
Easy to Use right out of the box on Auto mode
good build quality, good price, great menus
great pictures, easy to use in taking pictures
my 10 year old and grandmother can both operate it!
Great Quality Photos
Easy to use and you will like the results
Ease of use, image quality, price
Great quality photos!
Easy to understand interface and nice icons. Lots of functions not found on all cameras
Terrific Picture Quality, Optical Zoom, Decent Battery Consumption
Very User Friendly, Good Picture Quality
Ease of connection, Menu Options make it easy to delete unwanted pictures quickly, not complex.
Great, fun, feature rich, good price for the Mpxls.
easy to use, easy to transfer pictures
Incredibly easy to use!
Perfect for 35mm SLR users, great price
Photo quality, color, easy-to-use, features... and so on.
High megapixel, good features at a moderate price.  
Good resolution, handles like a 35mm, as much or as little control as you like.
Good image quality for well-lit areas, easy, simple operation
3+ Mega-Pixels and Great performance!&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to Use, Easy to maintain.
GREAT pictures!  Easy to use, helpful software package, USB
Excellent bang for the buck. Well constructed. Attractive.
Beautiful, sharp pictures, really easy to use yet versatile!
Very good digital images
Fast cycling of pictures, plenty of features and manual controls
Many features for the price and easy to use. 
Good Zoom, Sturdy access Doors, Size, Ease of Use
durable, space saving compressed mode, WinXP supported
Great cam, good color
built in battery recharger, uses Fuji NP-80 battery
Many Pros
Great quality, ease of use
lots of features and easy to use 
Price, Ease of use, Build Quality
Great picture quality, rechargeable batteries last quite a while
Sharp vibrant 8x10s routine. Great manual controls, flash terminal.
Built-in battery charging, great analog controls
High Quality, speed, controllability
Great Pictures!
picture quality, ease of use
Photo quality, ease of use, size and weight
clarity, resolution, zoom power
beautiful, saturated color, zero or low  noise, standard flash  sync,  ease of photographic controls
Quality
super easy to use, very good quality photos
3.1 megapixel, never need film again (process your own pictures), excellent user guide.
Almost normal size.  Great pictures.  As easy or as complicated as you want.
Finest High End Digital Serious Amateur Camera Available
vivid colors, astonishing picture quality and details, great design and ergonomics, USB
Good for price --- now..... :-(   Good low-light performance.&amp;#160;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Fast USB transfer, many features, sturdy body &amp; design
Great features &amp; price.  Good for beginner or advanced users.  3.1 megapixels.  It's a Kodak.
Cheap! Fast. Excellent photo quality. Very easy to operate. Good menu system. 
None
Beautiful color and vivid detail
Rugged construction, decent pictures in well lit areas.
Great Quality Pictures and simple to use in automatic mode!
construction,controls,light adjust.
Price / Performance - quality of pictures - all the features!!
Priced right, 3.1 Megapixles, 5  per second auto shots, Auto manual f-stops.
great price for such great features.
THE camera for the active lifestyle.
Nice picture quality. Decent price ($260)
Lots of Storage, Easy to Use, and very fun.
Rugged, easy to use, good pictures
Weather-Proof. Durable. Easy to use.  Big Camera.
Good quality pictures, rugged camera and USB connectivity.
Large buttons, easy navigation, great pictures, easy to use.
Durability, photo quality, and ease of use.
Weatherproof, takes excellent pictures. The take anywhere camera
I own this camera, and its the best digital camera I have ever had!!!
Zoom, Weather Proof
Quality Pictures, Good batter life, rugged, USB
- Weather proof casing - 2-megapixels resolution - Windows or Apple
Small size, two million pixels o' fun, versatile and weatherproof.
Great resolution,great feel, weatherproof and much much more.
Easy to use.  Weatherproof.  Takes great pictures.  Oversize buttons for easy use.
great pics, solid weatherproof construction
- Weather proof casing &amp;#13;&amp;#10;- 2 megapixels resolution &amp;#13;&amp;#10;- Windows or Apple
Rugged, waterproof, droppable, easy to use
Rugged, Kodak Authentication Module, ActiveX interface.
Easy to use, takes great pictures, battery life not too bad
low price for digital
Clear Pictures - Easy to use
Ease of use
Easy to use, Good documentation, Flash can be turned off, Camera comes with everything necessary to use immediately
Great for people who like to take lots of pictures.
Great pictures, great pricing
Ease of use, quality of picture, price.
Cost effective
Ease of Use
Easy to use!!
Lightweight and easy to use
Good buy, good performance
Charge time, charger size
Good Quality
Clear, Beautiful Color Pictures
Great colors, features 
takes wonderful pictures
Easy to use, quality pictures
Rugged and durable camera takes quality photos. Now a real bargain at $200 range.
Video Out, 1,152x864
Great pictures, nice software bundle, comes with AC adapter and 8MB memory card
Good-looking photos and easy to use
Easy Function Modes
You can delete any pictures that you don't want, and only keep the ones you do. No developing fees
Ease of use, good quality flash pictures, good menus for setup
Small good digital outdoor shots
best digital camera for the money, fine quality
Nice menus, great view screen
Good for price and the size and weight to carry around with you.
sharp, clear photographs
Easy to use
Easy, lightweight, durable, good pics
Ease of use, price
Reliable,good range,excellent pictures, mid-range price
easy to use, good pictures, affordable
Optical Zoom, great pictures, great price
great pixels, easy to use
Easy operation/excellent results
Great Pictures &amp;amp; Room for Creativity
Easy to use, durable, great preview display
zoom,removable memory card
Excellent Picture quality; easy to use; easy to load to PC; reasonable priced
View screen instant review. point and shoot, high resolution photos
good size
timer,flash,it's a camera
NEVER HAVE TO BUY FILM OR PAY FOR DEVELOPING
Easy to use, great quality pictures
good photo quality
Ease of installation, use and Kodak quality
Ease of Use
Easy, fun, save $$$ on film and developing!
Ease of use, additional software, packaged accessories
Can take Hundreds of Pictures
Great quality pictures, ease of use, zoom lens, many options
Price, ease of use
Awesome Pictures, Web ready and allot cheaper then a regular Camera
Small, efficient, easy to use
See Opinion
Great pictures, Very easy to use.  
No more films to be developed!!!
Price
Very easy to shoot photos and transfer them to the PC
Great pictures at a great price
quality, features, price
Crisp photos, inexpensive batteries
Great picture quality, large disk, easy to use, optical viewfinder, and the tv cable.
Rugged. Dependable. Forgiving!
Very easy for beginners to use.
Good image quality. Easy to use. Good software package included.
sturdy, great picture quality
great pictures good price
Good for Point and Shoot, okay picture quality.
Excellent, affordable, user friendly
Fairly inexpensive digital camera that takes tolerable, if not terribly good, photographs
sturdy design, easy to use
easy to use, software package included, affordable
Hi quality sleek camera with megapixel capability for a great price
Simple to Use
Takes Fantastic pictures !!!!!
Inexpensive/Sturdy/Reliable/Quality Camera
easy transfer of pictures to cpu, affordability
takes very nice pictures
Good Picture Quality for 1 MegaPix, Very easy to use
Easy to use, acceptable picture quality.
CompactFlash memory, good picture quality, easy to use.
Easy to use, excellent picture quality, nice software bundle
Quality shots, ease of use, durable, lightweight.
Easy of Use, Weight, Quality of Photo's
Excellent, rich color photos; easy to use
Picture Quality &amp;amp; Software Bundle are excellent.
Price/Performance
inexpensive, and multiple benefits
Ease of Operation, Design 
quality
can take some abuse, loaded with features
quality pictures, affordable
Very user friendly, great close-up capabilities
Incredible ISO rating, easy, cheap, lcd panel
Handy, Inexpensive Entry Level
LCD screen
Pretty Basic Model - for novice
Ease Of Use
Has a digital display screen
Easy to use, has LCD picture review panel, takes CompactFlash memory cards
Fun, cheap (by now), good if you're willing to do a LOT of touch-up
easy to use. inexpensive. lots of features of more expensive cameras
Easy of use, Photo Quality, Fun
Great Image quality
Resolution, Supports USB, CF, AA batteries
Good features, easy to use, built-in zoom and wide angle, good software.
Very user friendly
Great image quality, Easy to use, Loaded with features
Great Value
Excellent quality pictures, easy to use, good control over exposure
100
Very easy to use.
excellent pictures when it works properly
Handling, ease of use, excellent quality
Great Photo Quality, Easy Use, Expansive Features
Good picture quality, connects well to PC's
You can customize anything, Great resolution.
Like a 35 mm Camera with great support
It does what it's supposed to do.
Great pictures
cross platform, telephoto, audio recording
size, features, image quality
Easy to Use, Large LCD Screen, Great In-Camera Menu, Great Resolution, Very Adequate Zoom, Easy to Change Compact Flash Card.
image quality, options
Great Camera: very reliable and easy to use.  Works with all computers even macs.
no film development, high quality, older generation camera = cheaper
professional options
Acceptable image quality, get to see photos right away
read below
High resolution, easy to use, great software.
Picture quality, Ease of use, good looking
Great color rendition; clear, crisp photo quality
Overall good quality pictures
ergonomics, image quality
Great pictures.  
Splendid pictures with great detail and superb color.
very fun, great resolution and picture results
Lots of features and great flexibility
firmware,autorotate,backlit shots
Nice photographs
Easy file transfer and easy-to-use Kodak image editing software. Camera features are extremely nice.
EASY to use! Idiot proof! Just like the commercial.
Very easy to use, inexpensive, sturdy.
easy to use, video out, lcd and traditional viewfinders
incredibly easy to use, very light
Easy download of pictures, good starter software, easy to use
Easy to use, small, light
Cost, quality of photos
Very easy to use -- you an figure it out without the manual.
easy to get started.. low cost
Easy start, quick to set up for picture taking.
Lightweight, great picture quality at an affordable price
Cheap, Easy to use. Did I mention cheap 
Good, cheap, decent pictures, easy to use
good pictures, Good exposure, low cost, compact, very easy to use
Easy to use, lightweight, great pictures
Inexpensive , easy to use , uses AA.
Easy to use, great picture quality, easy editing, one touch picture transfer, inexpensive
Delicately balanced color photos, simplified picture snapping, one-touch picture downloading, handsome camera body. , 
Price, Optical Zoom, Memory
Easy to use, versatile, small
Takes great pictures, easy to use.
Lightweight, attractive, protected lens, internal memory, great zoom, expansion slot.
Easy to use, excellent quality pictures, lots of useful features, looks like a film camera
Compact, lightweight
Good quality pics, easy access to pics, affordable with basic features
small, light, fast shutter speed, internal 16 megs. memory with option of smartmedia disks.
Inexpensive, easy to upload, easy to carry around, good picture quality
3x optical zoom, SD/MMC slot, video out, macro mode, easy menus, batteries
An affordable 3.2MP camera that's easy to use in most conditions. 
great camera for the  3.1 PIXEL
Great images, software, and most of all great price for the quality.
Ease of use, price and quality of pictures, 
Highest resolution I could find for the price!  Real glass lens!
Very good 3.2MP camera at a wonderful price anyone can afford.
good picture quality, easy to use, works well with iPhoto on macs, uses SD media
Very nice camera for the price. Easy to use, nice quality pictures
Inexpensive, easy to use, compact
Easy to use, high resolution 3.2 MP ,Good picture quality , Affordable price
Good price for 3 megapixels, offers great software picture modification.
Price, Picture Quality, Ease of Use, Great for Beginners
Takes excellent photographs and is easy to use
Easy to use, straight forward functions and design.
Lightweight.  Easy to use.  Good customer service, so far.
EasyShare system makes fast picture transfer; easy e-mailing and printing; battery recharging
Amazing pictures, easy and fast picture transfer, good flash.
Quick easy setup, simple USB connection with XP. User friendly options/settings menu.
Wonderfully easy, durable, not too expensive.
Durable, software easy to use, downloading pictures easy.
Point &amp; shoot, easy transfer of pics
Very easy to use.  Good quality for casual picture taking.
loads fast, easy USB picture transfer, good battery life, nice pictures
Easy, powerfull, camera dock 
Compact, light weight, very affordable for the picture quality, 8mb of internal memory
Extremely easy to use, Low Price, Fantastic Images, light weight, expandable!
Price, Ease of Use, GREAT Photo Quality, Easy Pic Transfer Software, Lightweight.
Simple to learn how to use, clear pictures
Easy to learn &amp; use; Decent battery life; Light weight
Excellent photo quality, ease of use, features
Easy to use and reasonably priced.
Price, ease of use, lightweight, great pictures, fast transfer time
Easy to use.  Feel of a traditional point and shoot.  Nice quality pictures.
Easy to use, takes great pics for the average user, docking station is great.
So far the pictures I've taken has amazed me on how clear they are
Great pictures @ 800 size and under, ease of use, value.
Simple, easy to use, no additional equipment to buy.
EXCELLENT choice for digital cameras under $300!
Big pics crystal clear, kid can use it, very light, long battery life
Small and easy to handle
cost,image resolution/quality, software bundle
Works very well and very easy to use.
Docking Station, Video with Sound, USB, Can add lenses, Easy to use buttons
User friendly
Great camera at a great price - crystal clear stills and movies with audio.
Easy to use
Great pictures, lightweight, easy to use
2x optical zoom, internal lens cover, basic and easy to understand controls
Easy to use, takes good pictures
camera is easy to use, base is SUPERB, great quality still shots
easy to use, great photo quality, nice-sized screen, can make short videos, not too expensive
Fairly cheap; Integrated lens cover
Very easy to set up and use, especially for a novice. Excellent value. 
Fun, relatively easy to use, makes short video clips, good pictures
low battery usage, price, photo quality, ease of use, optional dock
Simple design and easy to use, usb, widely available, useful software, many optional accessories
It's lightweight. Easy to transfer pictures. 
Very simple to operate, even has a reasonably priced set of extra lenses available.  
Good Picture Quality, Optical Zoom, Large LCD
ease of use (camera &amp; software) great photos, even in low resolution (900X600) mode
Easy to use. The functions were simple to figure out.
Great high resolution photos with optical and digital zoom
Great picture quality, optical zoom and digital zoom, fast downloads
good specs; completely automatic; detailed images with excellent colour; mindlessly easy use; 2x optical zoom
Being able to see the picture you've taken, just seconds after pushing the button. 
Next to the photos I took with my 35mm and they are just as good.
Excellent picture quality, ease of use, video capability
Simple to use, quality photos in daylight, movie clips with sound
Nice software, alot of options, pictures seem to be good
Very easy to use, pro quality pictures, nice design.
Ease of use
Easy to use, good quality pictures.  
Easy to Use, takes good picture and videos
OK pictures
So easy to use, friendly controls, light weight, great photo quality &amp; movies!
Average camera
Price, good photographs, easy to use
very good picture quality for a 2.2 megapixel camera.Very,very easy to use.
Really great colors and crisp pictures.
Great Quality Photos, Easy To Use
8MG Internal Memory&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Optical Zoom&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Audio for videos&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Can watch previews on the TV
Very easy to use,Inexpensive,Great pics.
Very easy to use and understand functions.  Great quality for price. Great for beginners.
Picture quality, easy menu/operation, quick focus/picture time
Easy to use, Nice Pictures, Good battery life.
Very easy to use, Great picture quality
Great Pictures. Easy to use. Great movie mode. Very good camera for a low price.
Video,zoom,resolution,price,memory usage
Great looking pictures up to 8X10
Kodak software included. USB connection. Easy to use.
Small, lightweight, 8-shot burst mode, simple interface, easy USB sharing.
Great ease of use, multifunctional, great features
Price, Weight, Durability and performance
small, lightweight, takes good pictures in low light, good battery life
Easy, portable, looks great
Easy, point and shoot. Great software for transferring from camera to PC via USB.
Many options for picture manipulation, expansion slot for 64MB card, preview shot on LCD screen
Pro&amp;#146;s&amp;#9;- Simple to set up and use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Ease of use Quality of output and Reputation
Excellent picture quality, good battery life, easy to use
This camera was the most affordable 3.1 megapixel model I found.
A very simple camera to operate, not too many features or settings to master
Easy to use, Great pictures
Good picture quality, ease of use, solid construction, memory card slot, 3 quality settings. 
both software and camera are easy enough for anyone to operate
Small, Lightweight, Great Picture Quality
Compact, lightweight and good quality
Clear pictures, easy to use
It is easy to grip.
With the dock, it is fairly easy to upload pictures to the computer
Easy to use with better than expected photo results.   
It produces a great quality photo.
Very Nice Picture Quality, Good Value, Slideshow ability on TV!!!
Very easy to use, good printed image quality, priced right.
Easy to transfer to computer; great to e-mail and share pictures; Battery
Easy to use, great pictures
Easy to use, Idiot proof
Extremely user-friendly, responsive, battery life (2xAA), useful features, picture quality, long exposure times.
Low price for 3MegaPix camera.  Easy to use. Uses only 2 AA batteries.
Quality and size.
Easy to use,great picture quality,docking unit 
Extremely easy to use, good quality pictures
very easy to learn and use. Great photos
Small and easy to carry, great software, multi-purpose
Easy to use, has lens cover!
Easy to use, Great quality image Picture, Good price. Worth your Money!
Extremly long battery life with the CRV
Easy to use
price, standard cf card, AA, compact, quick, and lots more
Easy to use, small, decent quality.
Kodak quality and reputation; Lightweight and easy to use; Good battery life.
Handy cradle
Powerful feature set, good value.
Small &amp; Light, Straight-forward operation
Compact, Good Battery life, very basic to use
Image color integrity is great., Battery life is long (70 images)
good picture quality, easy to use, fits just about anywhere
Great Camera.  Great pictures taken.  Large viewfinder.
VERY easy to use, quick picture transfer, easy to read menus, high quality display.
Easy to use, compact, great quality in daylight, simple transfer, easy menus.
easy to use
Easy easy to use.  Solid little camera
Easy to Use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great Software&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
nice color, easy, compact, uses CF, AA battery and USB, long exposure
Wasted $450 bucks--could have been worse
incredible photos, accurate color, quick shutter, point and shoot, fun, small
Does everything that you need a digital camera to do. Stills,movie mode close ups
Relatively inexpensive compared to other 3MP digital cameras
good resolution, compact size, easy to use
Ease of use, light weight, low cost, good quality images/video
Affordable, high quality pictures, easy to use.
Easy to use, great picture quality, excellent computer interface
Great picture quality, easy to use
Easy to use/menus. Accepts AA batteries., 16MB internal memory. Nice big LCD display.
Ease of use, photo quality, movies with sound, zoom, fast recharge, features
Easy to use, good quality pictures, good video, too.
Nice resolution, good feel in the hand, good price
Amazing pictures
Great Point 'N Shoot. Great Pictures. Software is easy to use and Intuitive.
User friendly, great pics up to 14x11's. Great zoom.
very handy, cheaper than using film. The delete option!!
Excellent Mid-Lvl Digital Camera for the professional hobbyist or family fun.
Ease of use, durability, price compared to other 3mpx cameras
Very good price for the features.  Especially the 3x optical zoom.
Very easy to use.  I liked the multiple settings it offers.
Very easy to use, Great picture Quality, Video with Audio is a great feature
Easy and Great Quality Pictures
Very simple to use. Photos turn out very clear.
Easy to use, good clear picture, good software.
Picture quality is just as good as the higher megapixil cameras, and it's cheaper.
Good picture quality for JPG compression
Truly easy to share, high quality rich color photos!
3.1 MP/3x Optical Zoom and Affordable
Great color rendition, easy to use, quick donwnload to PC, small and lightweight.
High Resolution, self-timer, video input, great size and style.
User Friendly, Great Price, Quality Output
Available features for the price. Ease of use. Incredible close-up shots.
A 4-Megapixel Camera at a low price!
Best value for 4mg out there.  Easy to use!  Easy to upload to printer services!
Picture quality is great and easy to use
Lively and pleasing colors, relative ease of use.
1-High Res camera at a great price&amp;#13;&amp;#10;2-Great Kodak support in education and quality
Inexpensive, convenient dock, easy to use, accepts standard batteries.
Easy to use and import pictures
4.0 megapixel, price, ease of use
compact size, high quality pictures, excellent battery life
Works great out of the box, outstanding picture quality, battery flexibility
Ease of Use, handy strap, 
Easy to Use, Great Picture Quality
Picture quality, bright display.
price, great zoom capability, great pic. resolution
Took it out of the box and had pictures on my computer in 15 minutes!!
Ease of operation, excellent picture quality, value
It worked fine during the warranty period
excellent value, simple to use, has features only found in more expensive cameras
Good picture quality for still items. It is under $400. 
Ease of use, outstanding picture quality, great value
Easy to setup and use, fast focus, great contrast range &amp; high-quality color
Easy to use, loaded with features, small and portable, battery life
Easy to use, many features, small and portable, and the battery life, well focused shots
excellent quality, price, easy of use
4 Megapixel, Produces great images suitable for printing, rechargeable battery
For Those Who Like The Simplicity From A Digital Camera
Amazing picture quality, very easy to use
Picture quality, price, self explanatory menus
Buy it! Great first digital camera, Comes with docking station, charger, fair price, great quality.
Easy to use.
Excellent pictures, very easy to configure, simple picture upload, very high quality all around.
easy to configure
Marketing
easy to use, good functional docking station
Good design and size; price; lithium-ion rechargeable battery
size, camera dock, software, lots of features, internal memory.
very easy to use
The best picture quality I've seen the cameras in that price range!
Picture Quality, value, easy to use, small size, rechargeable battery
Great for the 1st three months. Very easy to use.
Lightweight, easy use, versatile, great quality photography
Small, inexpensive, easy to use, OK features.
Low Cost, Easy To Use, USB Interface, Acceptable Picture Quality
Very easy to use!
good value, nice price, works good, 
Tiny, light, self-contained, USB, cool
Cheap&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Record Short Videos
Easy to use, compact,light, amount of pictures
cheep 
size, ease of use, price
USB connectivity, easy operation
excellent value, does video clips, very easy to use, web cam capability
Small and easy to use
Inexpensive, Works as Camera, Video Camera and Web Camera.  Very Easy To Use
The price is right, it takes a lot of pictures as well as video.
great camera for beginners, easy to use, USB, inexpensive
Lightweight, good/great image quality, webcam capability, USB interface
Neat compact design.  A good price for digital camera/camcorder/mp3 player.
Its small and compact
*Many functions&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Good battery usage for the three AAA batteries.
Ergonomic, compact, easy to use, multipurpose, good sound, good microphone pick up
Half the price it used to be...Video/mp3/stills PLAYS MP3PROS!!!
handy, nice mp3 player, fun toy
3 Things in one. Easy connectivity and transfer of files. Only 16MB card.
the mp3 portion has decent sound
Great mp3 player, compact, easy to use.
Decent video, decent mp3 capability, photo size perfect for emailing.
mp3 player/camera in one!!
Great MP3 Player, also does good job with Quick Time movies.
High-quality movies, long battery life, easy-to-use MP3 controls
Fun to play with; excellent mp3 player; good digital video
Small, compact and easy to use!
Small, attractive design, nice interface, high degree of multifunctionality
Cool Features, Combined System, Nice holding.
Simple to use, performs basic functions easily, portable, perfect for certain uses
Compact, hand held 3 in one toy.  Easy to record and 'port data.
A Great Concept from convergence of two very good companies
Print Quality Very Good 
can print from camera card
Ability to view and print directly from memory cards
Colour Preview screen, Small Footprint, Smartmedia &amp; CF card Slots, Onboard editing ability, 
Good Value; Good Prints; LCD preview makes it easy to print without a PC
photo printing without a computer.  print quality.
Great quality photos without having to use the PC, easy to use, reasonable price.
Excellent Print Quality, LCD Viewing Screen, No PC Required.
Low price, doubles up as digicam card reader, can print without computer
very easy assembly, accepts most infant car seats, stylish
Spacious, Ample Storage Space, Sturdy, Collapses Easily, Great Features, Affordable!
Huge storage basket, entertaining toys in front, fits most infant carriers
Spacious, large wheels, neat looking, fits perego carseat, LARGE basket / easy side access
Durable. Lots of storage. Gets the job done.
good suspension, storage space, long and spacious for the kids
Huge Storage Basket, Attached Toys
Very big, great seating, large storage on bottom, reasonably priced.
Looks nice, fun toy for kids, holds infant carseat
Very spacious, comfy for kids, holds infant seat
Lots of storage, easy handling, stylish, very affordable
Softer Seat; Reclines; Sunshade; Longer Handles than other umberella strollers
Lightweight at only 12 lbs., easy to unfold and fold with child in arm.
Comfortable handles, cup holder, nice canopy, back support, reclining seat option, substantial wheels,  Cup holder!!!!
lightweight, inexpensive
seat cover is removable,dark colors,basket underneath,
Inexpensive, easy to use and fold
lightweight, assembly, back support
lightweight, has a canopy, good support in seat and backrest, easy to maneuver
Light weight, comfortable cloth, reclines, sun canopy, very maneuverable and compact
inexpensive, easy to fold, has 2 positions, cute print
Sturdy, well built
good cheap stroller
none
none
Lightweight, inexpensive, easy to use
easy to fold up
size, weight, price
lightweight, easy to use,
light and easy to use
Lightweight, easy to use, folds compactly
More goodies than other umbrella strollers
Comfort
Very easy to use, easy to close
Lightweight, only 12 lb.
Extremely lightweight 
Reclines, Padded seat
Lightweight, Reclines, Comfortable
compact!
Inexpensive, sturdy, easy-fold, reclining(!)
light weight, easy to use
lightweight, inexpensive, easy to fold, relatively well padded
Light, reclining, comfy
hmmm?
It reclines and is easy to move about.
Compact, lightweight, maneuverable, economical
Lightweight
Lightweight, reclining
Recline feature, excellent support for baby, price
Lightweight, more features than other umbrella stroller, more compact than the full size models
convenient, sturdy, durable
Great lightweight umbrella stroller
Compact and easy to open and close.
Lightweight, portable
side by side seats, lightweight, easy to fold and folds compactly
It folds with no problem!!!!
Folds up nicely and easily, lightweight.
A delight to push, easy to travel and store away.
Very compact for a double stroller, inexpensive, gets the job done
Lightweight, durable, great turning radius.
Compact when folded, reclines for younger infants
Children can sit next to one another, lightweight
Lightweight stroller.  Individually reclining seats.
More compact than most doubles
Nice if you have kids around the same age
Lightweight, Easy to fold, Durable, the best value!
economical, easy to use and lightweight
Light weight, durable, easy to use
seats two and steers easily
Easy to maneuver
lightweight, compact, easy to fold/open, looks good.
Folds compactly, easy to load, very affordable
Tiny size. Goes anywhere
Small, low battery use, flash, macro mode, 60 to 90 photo capacity, good software.
easy to use, small, great software
good for beginners
Price and size.
3-in-one, digital camera, video camera, and PC camera! 
small, light, good on batteries
good for the internet
easy to use, small, great software
Size, Software, Convenience
Ok for utility purposes, where quality is unimportant.
Decent pictures for the price, light, compact.
cheap, good if you don't care about quality
Cheap, lightweight
Nice pictures, low price
Cheap; decent photos; decent software.
Very inexpensive, meets my needs.
Small prices, easy to use
Very Lightweight construction, pop-up flash is handy,complete kit
Very light weight. Good clear outdoor daytime pictures.
cheap, easy to use
great picture and functionalityq
Price, Ease of Use, Power Cord While Uploading Photos, Timer
very low cost, good looking, small size
Takes some decent pictures once you turn the flash off.
Inexpensive~~easy to use
Very inexpensive, good pictures, fairly easy to use
Small size, decent quality pictures, AC adapter included
Price and value, compact size, AC adapter
good price, good photos, comes with a/c&amp;#13;&amp;#10;attachment, flash, battery
Digital photography at a throw-away camera price.
A low price entry into digital photography.
Absolutely no redeeming qualities about this camera.
Well, it looks like a real camera
Lightweight, easy to use, inexpensive and made just for beginners.
Good customer service; cheaper than a polyester suit
Cheap!
Cheap color printer
Inexpensive
great printer for the money
Cost Effective
LIGHTWEIGHT, EASY TO USE, GREAT PRICE &amp;amp; VERY GOOD COPIES
LOW PRICE ONLINE!!!
customer service
cost
inexpensive
Easy to use
Its cheap, on screen ink display
spare printer for quick jobs,   very quick
Got it for free
Cheap!
Lightweight and basic, simple set-up, print software
easy to install cartridges, pretty cheap, pretty good printing quality
affordable
Price, speed, DPS, Quality
Low price.
Inexpensive, good for infrequent use
Nice software that came with it. Picture quality wasn't to bad when it would work.
Good general purpose printer, reasonable speed for this class of printer
works
cheap
Cheap
quality
Quality, Printing Program
inexpensive
Nice printing quality
Easy to set up
Inexpensive, good printing speed and quality, easy to use
dirt cheap
Low price
Very slow
good picture quality
reliable
Easy to use
Affordable
Good color and graphic clarity.
Size, portability when necessary.
cost
works quickly and quietly
Inexpensive Color Printer
Nice Color quality
compact; easy-to-install; pretty decent quality
nice price, great programs, prints very good 
none
cheap
Part of a computer package deal
Good price
Price, quality of printing, quiet operation
Doesn't take much room, easy to install and use
Nice printing, somewhat fast
Low Price, High Quality, Long Cartridge Life
inexpensive, doesn't take up much space
Price and maybe size
Cheap, Cheap, Cheap
Good performance
Colorful and Affordable
High Quality
none
none
small, somewhat quiet
Inexpensive
Decent quality and durability
Small, Cheap
Price
reasonable price
quality of documents are very impressive
Price
price and print quality
Cost, ink monitor, good print quality, best for text
great quality
Cheap, good for home users.  
Not bad quality for an older printer.
Good Photo Output
Price, Price, Price
Low Price, Professional-Looking Documents
Cost
The quality of the print is not bad.
Easy To Use &amp;amp; Setup, Not Expensive For Ink Jet Refill Cartridges
small, cheap
.....
Pretty cheap now that they're a bit old. Fairly good print quality, with a reasonable print speed.
it's a printer
Cheap
decent printer for the price
Cheap printer with cheap cartridges
The price is the deception...
Cheap, small, easy to use printer program
would make a nice house for a family of mice
Dirt cheap.
Low price
easy to set up
Ease of use, cheap price, availability
Sometimes, it works
Cheap, decent quality
inexpensive
For a cheap printer, it will do an O.K. job, but that's all.
Nice picture quality
Reasonable price for a color inkjet
Inexspensive
for basic printing, this machine is fine
Reliable, solid
Easy to use, easy on ink
Very inexpensive.
Cost, efficient, 2-cartridge system
Prints photos beautifully!
Inexpensive two cartridge system
Inexpensive at the time
Price, setup, software
Simply the best home ink jet there is
Great quality print--both text and images, including photos, quick set-up, 1200 x 1200 resulotion
Speed and Quality
specs are good
Has lasted well for four years without service
Reliability, color, dpi
Good Print Quality, Good Price, Amazing Service
Ease of use, low maintance, highly reliable
Reliable, great quality output
inexpensive, good support
Good print
Color and text quality great, intuitive software, useful tech support website, small footprint
Good Output, Nice DPI
Dependable
Great quality of print
Near perfect print
warning the ink is running out
The price has fell, the reliablity is definitely built in.
Excellent  quality prints.  Easy operation. Price is right.
Great print quality
Good quality printing
Good, made by Lexmark....
quiet
Prints Fast, resolution is nice
Easy to change the ink cartridges, cool software with printer.  Great to keep as a backup printer.
Cheap.   Can print envelopes without removing paper.
Speed, Quiet, Detailed
price, size, print quality
Easy Operation
good color, small compact size, simple to use
great quality
Laser quality text prints, High resolution, Quick prints
Superb rendering of text, very good graphics
great quality
Stunning color accuracy, unmatched by any other inkjet manufacturer; software easy to use.
seems to work fine, saves you $$
Good quality, features, speed   - for an inkjet
Inexpensive initially
It comes in black!
An inexpensive printer, comes with 2 cartridges. Nice program. 
Cheap, Reliable, Relatively Small
Good software, price.
Low cost
easy setup, voice controls
Cheap, Printing in black and white is fairly good
Space Saving, Takes up little room, easy to install and setup
reasonable price and compact in size
nice price
Cheap
Good prints, cheap, light as a feather
GREAT PRICE, GREAT DPI, FAST, GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE
Easy to use and install, excellent price
Professional quality for pennys
good print quality
Paper weight
If you are looking for quality and afforability, look no further
High dpi (1200x1200)
good price, reliable, ease of installation
cheap.  Works standalone.  Zip hookup is nice.
Affordable,quiet,durable
Can print pretty good pictures
Set up of printer and software easy
decent printing
price
All Round Good Printer
Clear, crisp prints at an affordable price
Very Quiet, Resolution, Print Quality, Price
Quality, Price
Great printer, low price
Good looks, easy paper loading &amp;amp; cartridge change
It talks; the printing quality is good; very inexpensive
Please give comment
Easy to use, cheap price
1200x1200 res
Size makes a good fit in a lot of places,Works well with other accessories,Replacing ink is easy,Good price.
small, good quality color &amp;amp;b&amp;amp;w prints
Cheap and high quality
Value, functional, excellent color quality.
Rich and vibrant colours. Cheap.
Cheap printer
It's a printer...
It's a cheap alternative to a printer of quality
Relatively fast for a inkjet printer!&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great Price,Refillable Cartridge available.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Inexpensive, high quality prints
Small, easy to use
excellent quality and decent price
Pros: Cost of printer is low
Good color, cheap, easy to use with a nice user interface.
Great design, easy to use, easy to install, great quality prints, great speed, nice paper handling, good companion software
Setup, color, and cost
Cheap and effective
price and quality
Good price- extremely affordable,  great quality, very easy to setup and install
Cheap, Decent Quality
Quick, Efficient, and Amazing Printer
1200x1200 resolution
A solidly built  great little printer.
Sharp images, inexpensive
prints great
Very Cheap
good quality prints
Low price, nice printing quality
Cost, compact
Excellent quality
Easy to install, clear printing, true color.
cost , reliability, print quality
Low Cost, High Resolution, User Friendly
Get value,and what you expect (demand)for your money
detail; price
Inexpensive and Reliable
cost, resolution
Cheap price, good color quality
Cheap with great quality
price
price, easy installation
Cheap original price
Beautiful color printing, good quality
Print documents &amp;amp; Pictures
Very cheap and very quiet
Photo printing
Super quiet, prints out sharp photos.
Easy, functional, great print quality
Voice helper, excellent quality
price , ease to use print quality
inexpensive, few jams
Does great black &amp;amp; white prints
Low price
It is small
Great printer..little price
Low cost color printer
Value priced, great print quality, quiet, easy to install and use.
compact, cheap great print quality
Affordable, Reliable
very good
VERY inexpensive, excellent quality, Makes it easy for anyone to get into digital imaging
good color
economical and easy to use
Price, quality of printing
affordable,easy to use,fast,reliable
LOW LOW Price. Easy To Use.
Cheap, Fast
Top notch picture quality
easy setup; easy to use; significant rebate
Low cost, great color prints,good service
Great job on text, Paid $59 for it, Easy to use.
good clear pictures, text and price
price, output quality
great bargain, great printing!
Doesn't cost much and gets the job done again and again
A  GREAT VALUE
cheap
Quality, speed, ease of use, price
a great affordable printer, that prints excellent with heavy weight paper
This is an excellent printer with high quality printing skills
Sharp clear text and graphics,nice paper tray, good software
1200 dpi, cheap and reliable
High resolution for a great price
Ease of Use, Good Basic Color Printer
Customer Support
PRICE ,1200X1200 DPI , prints are decent
Cheap
Great colors
inexpensive, good quality printer
Excellent Bang for the buck.
Great quality, super quiet, CHEAP
Initial cost is great
Price, looks, good quality
good price, quiet, effective
Print Quality, Easy Instalment and Price
Affordable
Excellent quality
Good quality and paper handling
inexpensive, compact, easy to use
Great Value! Good Quality Printing
Good, solid basic inkjet printer
One ink Cartrage, inexspensive Easy to use
price, features
work horse
no hassle rebate - good web site - quality printer
Great Little Printer.....Better Price
Cheap, very easy to setup
Great Printing quality
inexpensive
price, speed
Price
Cheap, Good Quality Printing
Cost &amp;amp; Quality
The price
Good Quality, reasonable price
rugged and reasonable
Small
price range - high quality finishing
decent quality printing, easy to use
Cheap OK performance
Wonderful resolution
cheap, easy, fun
Simple installation, compatibility.
Price
Low up front cost
High Quality printing, fairly quick, small.
Cheap and good text printing
easy to set up
Great Print Quality
Well, it's cheap.
It's faster than the one I replaced.
Price, easy paper loading
Cheap, clean printing-very quiet
Cheap, fairly good print quality for the price
Great low price. Good print quality
Inexpensive, Mac-friendly
Great quality printing at an inexpensive price.
American made, price, customer service
quick printer, good quality
Very reliable. Cheap price. Big cartridge means long life.
Cheap, good printing quality, light, easy to install, quiet 
Cheap
Affordable.  Good print quality.
Very Good Price
affordable, dependable
Easy Set Up for Light Printing Users
Great Quality printing,  Pictures print out very good
Fast, very good quality, cheap, great software, easy to set up.
Good value for the money.
cheap,good print quality
Cheaper than Ink Cartridges!! 1200 x 1200 dpi printing, Nice Photo Printing
good print quality, not very loud, and small enough to keep out of the way
cheap, easy to install on windows
Inexpensive, fantastic text and color graphic quality
Price, quality print &amp;amp; speed
Great price, works great with webtv
nice voice guy
Price, quality of work
It was part of a package deal
Low cost.
Inexpensive, easy to use, prints clean fast...
Cheap Price - Great Family Printer
Easy to install,inexpensive,great quality came with a cartridge, you can't go wrong.  
cheap printer, good quality
Inexpensive
Price, Price, Price (oh, and quality, ease of use and all that...)
It's inexpensive, easy to use, and did I mention inexpensive!
Low price, decent prints, nice software.
Easy to use and inexpensive
Very good quality printer for a low cost
Inexpensive, Medium Quality good for everyday use.
Cheap, Excellant for the Money, easy to set up and use
Great printer for low price , great quality printouts
Inexpensive &amp; compact&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Good color quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quiet
small, quiet, both ports available, ink monitor
Print Quality, Print Manager, Print Options
Reasonable price.  Good quality printer
Excellent quality for a very low price. Very easy to set up. 
Inexpensive.
Cheap
This printer is very affordable and the ink cartridges are easy to install.
Great quality for the money
Really cheap,Easy to install,quick printing,Great photo's!
Low-price printer with readily available accessories
Inexpensive. Easy to Install. Small space required. Good quality.
Photo Quality Prints
Printer is cheap, and pretty dependable
Cheap, pretty dependable
Inexpensive, good print quality
decent quality
Good Price, Built Well, Great Resolution!
Easy to set up in Windows.  Excellent image quality for the price.
poor quality
Sometimes it reliable
Unbeatable for the cost. Has parallel and USB connections.
Easy set up, Decent Print Quality, Cheap to purchase
Price, Size, Weight
Awesome photographic quality. Good speed for basic printing. Two cartridge slots.
Perfect photo-quality output as good as a photo lab.  Very low initial cost.
It was free after the rebate
Great Price and Good Print Quality
easy to install, great print quality
Excellent, photo realistic printing with optional photo cartridge.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Price.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Overall value for the money.
Good Quality, Great Price, Fast Printing!
Ideal for our low-intensity home printing needs.
Reasonably priced with good print quality on most things.
Cheap price and good quality.
Extremely easy to use and a very good price
High Quality at a very affordable price. Easy to set up
easy to use.picture quality printing
Price
A great machine to have and does a great job for a low price.  
price, features
cheap cheap cheap...and good quality prints!
CHEAP (in price)   Decent quality
color inkjet, 1200x1200 dpi, only 40.00!
Great quality, inexpensive, easy to install, cool printer monitor, works with parallel and USB
High resolution, cheap.
PRICE!, print quality, holds two ink cartridges
Cheap (at first)
great picture
Nice colors, easy to use software
Great Price and Good Print Quality
Faster than my last Lexmark with good quality!
size of printer
Low or no cost!! (After Rebate)
Has good print quality and speed
It was free.  Even street price is cheap
Inexpensive, often rebate bonuses, excellent print resolution
No paper jams
Cheap initial cost; easy set-up; good driver; works well; bang for the buck factor.
Good Quality Prints
Cheap; doesn't jam
-
Simple, user friendly,prints with good color, and cheap or in my case free.
Clear and crisp text &amp;  pictures for the money
Hahaha! Fast! Colorful! 
Price is right.
Inexpensive, dependable
lightweight, prints fast, easy set up.
very cheap to purchase, easy to setup
Color fidelity (using Lexmark drivers)
Fast printing, price
Price, super fast text printing (not that is so great)
Price, lightweight &amp; compact, accurate color rendering, easy to configure, prints iron-on transfers
Cheap.
Just the photo printer for me given the price
Quick printing with good quality and easy to use
Easy to use, efficient little machine that does the job well.
Fast printing, and great quality.
Fast B/W, Cheap
Cheap., Quality of print ok-when working., 
Easy installation, cheap ink cartridges,  prints great photos,and very inexpensive.
Fast; initial print quality was excellent.
Inexpensive
Great for the price a good deal.
inexpensive, easy to use at first
Cheap, Durable, Fast enough for home use
Easy, cheap (at first), reliable
fast, price, user friendly, folds up nicely
Great Quality, Extremely Fast. Looks Good.
Come with full ink cartridges, great price, excellent print quality
compact and light
Fast, beautiful print quality.  Can use parallel or usb.  
Great Print Quality
The color is very good and pretty accurate.  Doesn't jam very often
Very user friendly with many useful features; excellent resolution for money.
Very good picture quality
Great investment for the money
Very productive printer. QUIET!
PRICE; LIGHTWEIGHT; SIMPLE TO OPERATE; PRETTY SILENT...
Cheap.
Cheap
Very easy to install, with a great installation guide. Great printer for the price.
relatively fast, relatively quiet, easy to change toner, separate black and color cartridges
Price, Refillable?
Price is definitely right!
Free (with rebates), fast*, seperate cartridges, can work with color only
Easy to use, Easy to setup
Very good quality output for the price
inexpensive, high quality color and b&amp;w print-out; nice little features 
Resolution and speed.
Speed, print quality, easy installment
Price, ease of installation, clarity of printing both color and black and white
Great output, much bang for the money!
Cost, Ease of Use, Quality, Great Customer Service
Cheap, decent quality
For $20, its a great price. 
Price, dual cartridges, quality
Much better resolution than HP Deskjets
RESOLUTION, speed, ease of use, price
great price, high quality prints, great outputs on all kinds of paper, etc etc etc.
good value for money, good quality, driver software has some very useful features.
Very inexpensive, excellent print &amp;amp; color
Inexpensive, 2 ink cartridges, easy to use...
none
Inexpensive and easy to operate
little voices, box, ease
Low, low price, easy setup
Very easy to use
Easy and trouble-free
Quick, sharp.
Inexpensive, easy to set up and use, good color and resolution, and voice feedback.
price point
Quick printing, good color, shows ink levels
Cheap, decent quality.
Cheap, reasonable color, intuitive documentation
Its a printer.
Inexpensive, Versatile, Durable, Fast, High Print Quality
Great Printing Quality, Resolution Is Okay, Included Software!
Great Printer, Great Print Quality
Ease of installation, crispness of printing, talking software
accu-feed paper handling to eliminate jams
It's cheap.
Inexpensive, easy to install and use, quality printing
very good text and good graphics for the money
Inexpensive, fast, great prints
Inexpensive to purchase
Inexpensive, fast, light-weight and compact
Free
Inexpensive; easy setup; decent overall performance.  Optional 6-color printing!
clear text, never jams
Cheap, Small, Fairly Quick, Simple, User-friendly
Prints at a decent speed, , Great print quality,  , USB port compatible
This printer is easy to install and prints clear script or pictures!
quiet, shows amount of ink left, easy to set up &amp;amp; use
Cheap
Sharp print and beautiful color images
Sharp text, quiet, easy to install
Dirt Cheap Initial Cost, 1 Year Warranty, Easy Setup, Good Print Quality
Ease of hook up! Two buttons to deal with. Comes with great software, cheap price.
Inexpensive, No Paper-Jams, Compact, Easy to Use
Small and lightweight printer that produces astoundingly crisp text output
Good software bundle and rebates.  Easy to setup.  Very very cheap.
Fairly fast, Good quality, Doesn't jam
cheap, easy to use and install
Inexpensive unit, good resolution
compact, easy to install, good print quality, will print photos
Comes with 2 cartridges, uses color and black simultaneously, USB port for macs and PC
cheap, small footprint, easy to operate
Strong, Dependable, and Inexpensive
cheap cheap cheap
quality product - affordable price
Cheap
easy to install and prints nice and clear
Quality VS Price = Awesome
Excellent Lexmark quality, now USB compatible.
low price, fast printing, great photo quality
Light, Small, Inexpensive
great
Inexpensive
Great price, seems to handle paper well, good quality output.
Great quality and performance
&lt;b&gt;INEXPENSIVE, PRINTS GOOD PHOTOS&lt;/b&gt;
Excellent graphics including monochrome and color.
Small, quiet, photo quality, provides excellent prints on glossy paper
Excellent print quality, extremely inexpensive.
Affordable, great results, pictures turn out almost perfect.
Good print quality for text, decent picture print for a sub-$100 printer
Under a hundred bucks, 1200 dpi
good quality printing
Easy setup (to PC and with print cartridges); Fast printing (3.5 ppm color)
Decent Price, Ink Meter view when printing. Good black print quality 
High quality
None.
High quality output.  Relatively fast.
Still working wonderfully after 4 years.  Has good print quality and is simple to operate.
great value
Quiet and fast, Quality incredible, User friendly
None
fast, quality, price
Great Value, Excellent print quality
Best quality output, fast, smooth operation.
Impressive printout quality, nice set of software features
Great software , easy to use, the best printing I've seen on an inkjet
Quality and initial price. Easy to print banners.
Amazing Print Quality, Low Price, Space Saving Design
Resonably priced, great quality, decent speed...
9ppm, 1200x1200DPI, USB, Accu-Feed
Options, Capabilities, Value
Print Quality is good
Excellent color printing, versatile
Price, print quality, speed
USB or Parallel connections, good print quality
Print Quality, Speed, Ease of Use, Great Driver Software
Quality &amp;amp; value
Good Price
Great value.  Excellent output quality.
Beautiful color
Print quality, quiet, fast
1200 dpi. Paper delivery so fast you could probably use it to slice salami at 20 paces
easy to install, simple to configure, joy to use 
A quality printer with great text printing and good photo outputs.
waterproof ink, quiet, quality, fast
High quality color and laser sharp text, ease of use.
print and text quality, speed, price
well, it prints, and the B/W is good
Print Quality, Ease of setup, Reliable
Print quality, speed
Low price, excellent customer support, good prints
Great printer
Great quality for price, fast document printing, reliable for the most part
Great color, 1200x1200dpi, LESS THAN $179!!! Voice Prompts!
Great photo prints
Print quality.
Great output, reasonable operating costs
Voice capable, nice quality
Price, text quality
Great print quality, dependable
Speed, print quality, Price
Great Color
Fine Print Resolution, Good Speeds, USB and Parallel port connections
Good speed, great quality, and a good price!
Great print quality and speed, easy to setup and use
Great quality, price plus it is easy to use and hookup.
faster, accufeed paper handling, USB support
Quick, high quality printer - excellent quality and very paper tolerant.
$99 price tag for a printer that has comes highly recommended.
BEST PRINTER FOR THE PRICE
Speed, Price, USB and Parallel Compatibility, Print Quality
Great Print Quality&amp;#9;
Cost vs performance
Excellent Print Quality,Faster then most printers in this price range
customer service accessible and helpful
FAST, sharp text, Great color
Quality, price, ease of operation.
Price for the initial Printer, Print Quality.
cheap money
Really good print quality on a starving writer's budget
Speed, Resolution
Easy to operated. Comes ready with AC, black and color cartridges. Hidh res printer.
Nice color matching, Low cost, Compact(compared to most),Tight type.
Color at average DPI is very good, incredible at highest.
Speed of printing, high quality graphics and text, price
Compatible with Apple's USB Printer Sharing, inexpensive
Fast draft, very high resolution colour
Fast desktop color printer. Parallel and USB connectivity
Lot of value for the $, easy to use and install, quality printouts
Fast, Good quality
2400 x 1200 even on plain paper
Cost, speed, ease of use.
Great quality,Great Price
fast, highest resolution printer available, only 180 dollars, supports thicker-than-normal paper
price, top feed system
A cheap color printer w/ 2400x1200 dpi
High resolution and fast printer for a great price.
Great quality not too expensive
Speed, Resolution, size of printer
Great Quality, Cheap, Easy Installation, Speedy, Top Loading, Good Interface
quality,speed,price
Print quality, print speed
price, speed, quality
Great quality, easy to use, good price
Easy install, reliable, acceptable quality
Easy setup,  easy to use,  easy to appreciate.
size, quality
Deep, rich color when printing photos
easy setup, crisp text, good graphics, good speed
price
Text and image quality, simplicity in use, easy refillable cartridges.
true USB connection
fast, high quality printing, cheap, USB, excellent paper feed
VERY fast black and white printing
Extremely high detail, very fast.
Quiet, fast, high quality
Initial price
Fast and Clear Printing
High quality, easy loading, takes all kinds of paper, AMAZING value, good control program.
Superior Print Quality;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Low Printer Purchase Price;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ease of Installation&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Fast, inexpensive, easy to use!
Highest Speed and Quality, Phenominal Prints, Exceptionally Low Cost
a great home office printer that does a fabulous job on photos
FAST!
Fast, Quality Printing, USB and Printer Port
Good. Fast. Easy to use.
faster, accufeed paper handling, USB support 
High Quality Photo Printer.
Crisp, clean, hi-res output. Fast. Simple to use and set up. Low Price!
USB and Parallel, excellent resolution, fast bw and color print, price
Price
Prints good quality photos, greeting cards and such. Easy to use and hook up!
Fast, USB Support, Easy to use. 
Easy setup, one of the most simplistic driver installation I have done. Fast &amp; clear.
Low Price, Very easy to setup, Excellent print quality
Faster,Clear sharp Pictures and cartridge gauge
Extremely fast, excellent 2400 x 1200 photo printing, cartridge last long time.
Easy to setup
low ink usage in draft mode...does not eat up ink cleaning itself
Fast, easy to use when working, USB connection, cheap initial investment, easy cartridge, excellent color.
um, it prints stuff
Size, Looks
Awesome print quality, price, and speed
Space saving printer with crisp, clear quality
Great print for photos and color text; aesthetic design
Excellent quality, quiet, no jams, great drivers, USB or Parallel
Good graphics
Price &amp; Quality!
Stunning picture quality, excellent fast black printing, and never jams...
Very Fast, excellent text and image quality; Both full Cartridges included
fast, inexpensive, easy to refill ink
Decent price replacement ink carts
2 paper trays, fast, quieter than previous Lexmarks.
Speed, resolution, price, no aligning, and software (bake potato skinning)
fast, high resolution, dual paper trays, and great photos
Print resolution, Style.
Overall print quality, ease of use, dual paper trays, auto paper sensing
Good support from Lexmark
Quality of print, speed and dual print trays.
Great for home/medium volume use.  Good print quality.  Stunning photos.
Reasonable cost
Fast color and B/W printing and two paper trays
Awesome...and I mean AWESOME pictures!!!! At 199.00 + tax(office depot) it's a bargain.
Inexpensive, Small Footprint, Quiet, Fast and Crisp printing.
Cheap, good text quality, relatively small footprint for a laser
Affordable, 12ppm,  good print, cool features, small, easy setup, quick startup
Fast, great print quality, attractive, great price
Print Quality, USB, Speed, Price 
Price, quality, speed, size
Great value; Dependable print capacity; User-friendly; Simple installation
Good results, reasonably quick, "demo" toner lasts forever, good price.
Print Quality, fast printing, fast warm-up, nice software,USB,light, compact, cheap, envelope feeder
Print Quality, fast printing, fast warm-up, nice software,USB,light, compact, cheap, envelope feeder
Good price and print quality
Cheap.
nice print quality
Fast, easy to install, and light weight enough to carry.
Ease of set up, speed, quality
Excellent sharp, crisp, DARK printing. Fast.
Quick printer, perfect for the home office
Ease of setup, price, paper handling
Quick printing, ease of setup and use
speed, footprint, print quality
Compact, speed, well drivers, good detail of image, up to 68 Mb, flash, reasonable price
Low price, flexible connectivity, good paper handling options, high DPI
Fast, Easy to use, Doesn't suck ink
Price
good size, looks nice
All in One, Easy to Use, It isn't a flatbed scanner, 
More multi-capability than most in price range, standalones, easy setup, good resolution. XP compatible.
Cheap, reliable, easy to install, good scanning mechanism
good price, looks good, prints with great color, works well
Comes with scanner, copier, fax and printer
Cheap, nice form factor, looks nice.
Haven't found any yet.
Quick, brilliant color printing, price, practical, simple to operate
Versatility, Price, and Convenience
Easy to setup
A reasonable price for all of the functions it can perform.  Fairly simple to operate.
Easy to install and set up.
Inexpensive.
Easy setup and operation
gets the basic job done,performs many funtions
Ease of Use, Great Photo Color
Price, print quality, ease of use, and multi function in a small machine excellent.
Affordable
Inexpensive, setup is easy, works properly in Windows 98, easy to use
It's a good printer and fax, when it works
Multiple functions: scanner, fax, copier, printer
Great print quality
Easy to use software and menus.
The printing quality is wonderful, especially when printing photos out on photo paper. 
Fast printing. Extremely useful. No more trips to Kinkos! Mac-friendly.
Lexmark X73 is a multi-function printer/scanner/color copier/fax machine
Great features, good print quality, easy to use
Good print quality. Scanning software.
Multifunction, Fast and Easy to use
Easy to install.  Many nice features
Low cost. Easy to set up. Plug and play. Very good photo printing quality.
inexpensive, good quality
Cost. Multifunction. Light. Easy to use.
a inexpensive all-in-one, perfect for small volume, easy software
Great printer. Good photo quality, great scanner, copier, and printer.
That you can return it!!
All in one device, simple and straightforward to use.
compact, all-in-one, easy to use
Multi task item fast and easy
Very reasonably priced. Ease of installation and use.
None
multifuctional, space saver
Copact, price, ease of use
Attractive Space Saving Design
All in one convenience, flatbed scanner
A Great all around Product
Less space then separate printer and scanner.
Fairly Cheap, Can be Economical if you know what cartridges to buy, Has many features
Promising features (if it worked)
Great output and scanning, easy to use and setup, cleans up your computer desk!
Easy to Use
Acceptable color prints, all in one, no feeds problems
Compact, elegant design; easy to setup and operate; good print quality
all-in-one printer, color copies, fast printing speeds
Neat looking, good quality prints and very easy to use.
Cheap
Very east to use, great price, decent scan speed/quality.
Very Cheap and easy to find at stores.  Does it all.
Easy to find, easy to get replacement ink.
Flatbed scanner, copy, fax, fast printing, Matches my Dell Computer
Very Cheap and easy to use.
inexpensive, good scanner, easy to use
Cheap and stylish. Requires minimal assembly. Good image quality on prints, scans, and copies.
Great Printer! 
Easy to use, prints real good, scans great.
It's cheap, and it prints envelopes., Rarely jams up., 
Great looking printer
Very Inexpensive! Multifunctional and Esy to Set Up!
quiet, male voice signals when printing, scans, copies, faxes, 
Small for multifunctional printer. Other than that it's horrible!
Color Printer, Scanner, Copier all in one, USB Connector.
Good quality print &amp; copy, easy to use, can work from keypad w/out computer
For the money, as well as a single footprint, it can't be beat.
Cheap, compact, decent print quality when it works, did i say cheap?
BEST customer service representatives I have EVER dealt with!  Please continue to see why!
Many functions, cheap price
A complete system all in one. No need to buy multi pieces of equipment.
Price is only pro I can think of
Simple Copy button (in theory).  That is about it
An excellent printer for the money
Works great as a standalone copier.  But the functionalities are great.
Price; Functions; Quality of Printing; Speed of machine; 
Functional, Quality of Prints, Price
Clear, concise print. Easy to understand instructions. All in one compact size.
Lots of "big boy" copier features, posters, wallet pictures. Doesn't need PC.
dont need to turn on your PC for common tasks. excellent photo quality output
Don't need to boot up the computer to make color or B&amp;W copies.
Copier can be used without PC, decent quality color print for money.
Excellent print quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ease of use
Color Printing and Copying and a Scanner to boot
cheap, fast, reliable
Its a fast, all in one printer. Good quality
Nice print quality, quiet and quick
Computer does not have to be on to make copies, exceptional color copy quality 
stand alone color copier, very good print quality, good price for a All-in-one
&amp;#149; Great features&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#149; Rubberized buttons and quality plastic.
Great Copier and scanner
Easy to use, monitors ink volume levels, good scans
Good output for Print and Scan.
Functionality Quality Reputation and Price
printer, copier and scanner all in one&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
On-Board Photocopy feature easy to use;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Prints well&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quick and easy to set-up
Low price, ease of operation
Great price, great photo quality color copies/scans, great value!!
Great price, flatbed scanner, ease of setup and use.
Clear Picture, Scans, Copys, and Prints. Fair Price.
So many features, easy to use, great printing ability
3-in-1 features, user-friendly
cheap
An incredible value!
SOMETIMES, IT WILL RUN WITH NO PROBLEMS!
Price, Functions; ease of use
Three-in-one inexpensive machine
3 in one
The x83 was very easy to set up and install into my computer programing.
Flexibility, Price
Good Printquality, Easy Setup, speed
Price, options offered
Great prints
price. ease of use
Impressive quality at an economic price.  
One of the best in print quality for a multi-function. Nice scan &amp; photo quality.
Quality Printing and Scanning
Multiple Uses (scanner, printer &amp; copy machine)
Stand-alone, fast printing speed, decent quality
Four great features, great printing quality, 
Simple to use.
Lots of features, price
Good Printer when it works poor service
Very good print quality - WHEN IT WORKS!
Performs as advertised
Excellent, reliable, economical printing
Good quality print and color. Easy set up.
fair price
Excellent printing for this price.
Good Quality prints and easy setup.
Good Quality, while it works. Top Load (No paper jams)
Inexpensive, easy to install.
Supposedly fast prints*, photo-quality rated**, nice software***
Ok price. Looked good in the store.
Inexpensive, Great Printer that puts out High Quality images
Very sexy package, great sharp text
High Speed, Print Quality, Drivers
Easy to install, excellent quality pictures.
Inexpensive, high quality printing, very easy to use.
easy install
quality printing
Speed and Print Quality are both great
Fast, quality, price
Great value, print quality, ease of setup,wonderful color quality, easy on-screen print options, and excellent output.
Very user friendly
Fast, efficient, excellent print quality
Outstanding value
Fast, superb image quality, free software.
inexpensive, crisp, vivid text and color presentations
None
Great quality printing, low-priced
Cheap; efficient; handles all paper types; user-friendly software; delivers high resolution.
makes a good paperweight
Price, speed, ease of use, clarity, the list goes on!
Excellent print quality
Very colorful displays
easy installation, good printing, great price
Initial cost, good image output, easy install
Everything
Good Printer, Fast Speed
Excellent color, inexpensive, works with macintosh
Smaller Frame then the Z52. Same high quality printing and reliablity.
Low price; fast print speeds; excellent text print quality.
Very Fast...
Fast Crisp Printing
Extremely Small, quick, super easy to use
It's small and cheap, and a great tool for taking terrible pictures.
Great design, easy to use
Small
Fits in jeans coin pocket, conversation starter everywhere
Small
Small and easily transportable., Good for emailing pictures., Can take 53 pictures a session.
small, stylish, easy to use, handy
VERY compact and awesome shell design
Small, Compact Size, Fits almost anywhere. low price, 
Great Stroller, Light Weight, Easy to Fold
lightweight, easy to fold, wheels conveniently spaced for stair climbing
It is not so heavy. maneuverable. Easy to clean. Fits through doors.
lightweight and compact, sturdy, great in the rain
Big basket, dual handles, canopy, reclining seat, great quality and value
Seems like you would get more for your money with this stroller.
Fits through store doors, can handle larger kids
light; folds easily; sturdy; good height, also for men; smooth roller
Fits through doors, lightweight, easy to fold
easy to collapse, removable rain cover, stylish, lightweight
Lightweight, very manoeuvrable, tough, no rust after two years!
Ease of use, build quality, styling.
Great handling.  Easy folding.  Very well constructed.
easy to fold, narrow
small, lightweight, easy to stroll and pack into trunk
Basket, Durability, Strength, Maneuverability
Nice cloth, corners like a charm, compacts well, nice BIG baskets!!
easy to fold, rubber wheels, side-by-side seats, full recline
lightweight, maneuverability
easy
Sturdy, Ease of use, Manuverable, Comfortable Snazzy
LIGHTWEIGHT, easy to get in and out of trunk, narrow
Lightweight, durable, easy to maneuver, functional, versatile
lightweight, fits thru standard doorway
Easy to set up and fold down, height of handles, easy to push
Great cornering, not too wide, good buckling system
Easy to fold and transport, attractive, many reclining options, open design allows children to interact.
Stylish, good for tall people (I'm 6'5")
Sturdy,Navigation,Compact,Design and Function
Lightweight, easy to fold, Stylish 
One of the sturdiest,lightest and most attractive strollers on the market.
Fully reclines, easy to maneuver, compact, easy to open/collapse, will last for many children.
Easy and light to lift
Compact, easy to maneuver with one hand while opening a door with the other., 
light, easy to maneuver, folds easily
light weight, maneuverable, extendable handles
Durable, lightweight, optional carrying case, Very easy to maneuver
Lightweight, compact umbrella folding, easy to maneuver, 
Lightweight, easy to fold, sturdy, looks great
Lightweight, compact, reclines, tall canopy, smooth ride, five point harness
Lightweight, sturdy, easy to steer, easy to open and close, compact.
High handlebars, foam grips, urban style
Lightweight, VERY sturdy, stylish, easy to steer, wonderful service by distributor.
very stylish, easy to fold up, doesn't take up a lot of space, drives/steers well
Light and folds small
Lightweight, compact and stylish 
Lightweight, easy to use, stylish
Light, sturdy, compact, great sunhood, onehanded folding, brilliant for tall people &amp; cheap in UK.
GREAT features - lightweight, easy folding, basket, reclining, hood, high handles
nice design, maneuvers well
Sturdy, easy to steer &amp; clean, trendy, light
light, maneuverable, durable
Easy to maneuver, trendy, lightweight, folds up quickly, easily and compactly (is that a word)
reputation of company, reflective material, weight, ease of use, handles 
Very Very Lightweight
maneuvers great,durable,lightweight,good resale value
Really sturdy stroller
Great design and really sturdy for being so light.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Very comfy, lightweight and easy to steer!
Excellent steering control - the best! One tough little lightweight stroller.
Good image quality, small and light
Great for downloading to our computer.
Not any I can think of.
light-weight, size, good quality
great pictures! small, convenient convenient camera!
Inexpensive, 2.1mega pixels, simple, responsive, good image quality
Great photos, small and compact, a lot of features, meets all of the criteria I look for
picture quality, convenient to use, price
Easy to carry, versatile, shot review/delete, 2.3 Megapixels
Lightweight, good quality, good value for money
price is cheaper than many, small and easy to store
Lots of great features, compact in size, Minolta reliability
compact, great pictures
No comment
7X "bright" zoom-lens; excellent optics; handling just like a traditional SLR/ZLR; considerable light-weight; little time-lag
Easy to use, fast mode switching, high resolution, not too heavy 
high resolution, high zoom
Excellent zoom lens and SLR type controls&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great photos
Excellent macro detail, incredible flexibility, up to 1GB memory available
Lots of pixels, easy-to-use controls, 35mm-like settings, stunning images
Excellent Image Quality, Easy to use, Easy grip shape. Professional lens and Amazing 5.24 megapixels.
Excellent Image Quality, Professional Features, Options for Lenses
7x Zoom, 5Meg Pixel, Fully Manual Control over everything
A digital camera that feels like a good 35mm camera!
Excellent image quality; awesome 28-200 zoom lens; many professional-level features
The Lens (7x's optical zoom), 5.24 Megapixels, Gorgeous Photos, SLR-like 
Photo quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Degree of control&amp;#13;&amp;#10;battery life&amp;#13;&amp;#10;versatility&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Range of magnification
Nice pictures
beautiful images!
Great lense and options., Good ergonomics.
GREAT lens, fast AF, good manual control, tons of features
Great 7x optical lens, lots of features.
Brilliant lenses, amazing features, SLR-like design, AA-battaries, huge zoom.
Lots of features.
Fabulous lens, great pictures, many "35mm pro" features
lightweight,5 megapixels,has movie mode
Heaps of Features :)
zoom lens, b/w and color filters,auto and manual focus, feature rich
Image quality, Ease of use. Very well designed, great lens.
28mm-200mm zoom,4xAA batteries,manual zoom,49mm filter thread,elec.viewfinder
Manual zoom ring! Many SLR-like controls. Good lens. SLR-like feel
Choose between fully manual or auto operation. Nice low light viewfinder. Faster recycle between shots.
Great control over color, contrast, and exposure; Hot shoe, Continuous-drive mode
easy use, menu system, options, documentation, compatable
size, light-weight, picture quality, features
Super-small, fabulous pictures, portable, efficient storage, pro-features
Superb Auto mode, manual features, four megapixels
Small Size, LCD settings display w/o using the color screen
4 Megapixels, Autofocus technology, movie recording
Compact, superior picture quality, very user friendly.
Small size, quality images, easy of use
small size
Feature packed, Outshines Sony &amp; Canon!
powerful. many features. quality pics
Extremely lightweight and compact, Easy to Use, Beautiful Photographs
Apert.Priority and Shut.Priority, 4MP, AA size batts
Manual features galore, use of AA batteries, long night exposure (BULB), ultra-compact.
Size, flexible batteries
Ultra Compact, High Resolution, , Runs on AA Batteries, Manual Set-up &amp; Auto
Styling
Easy to use. Small enough to fit in pocket. Excellent pictures.
Sharp photos (when in focus), nice features, fairly easy to use in basic mode
Picture quality, features and price
bargain price for a feature-rich and nicely built camera
Great pictures, great optical zoom range, Outstanding software package
Good price, 4X zoom, can start "basic" picture taking quickly
sharp natural color pictures. really like the 4-level optical zoom.
Excellent--Good buy , Looked a long time for a quality camera and found one., 
Easy to use out of the box, Tons of features and settings 
Ease of use, 4 MegaPixs, Great Pics
Great picture quality, Multiple photographic style/size/quality features.  Manual features east to use.
Takes Amazingly Good Pictures - Auto Exposure Works - Precise Focus
4 Mega Pixels, Excellent Value, Fast Response
Stunning picture quality. Ease of use. Price.
Saves uncompressed images, great resolution, great manual features.
Most Compact &amp; Lightweight 3X optical I have seen, long battery life,audio annotation, easy navigation
Amazingly small, metal skin, easy to use, decent battery life, no Windows drivers needed
Tiny camera, 3x Optical, 2 MegaPixel, wonder in photographic engineering
So tiny and portable.  Easy.  Durable.   Makes short movies.  Quality seems better than 2 Megapixel.
Design; Come with charger and rechargable battery; movie mode with sound; easy file tranfer.
Tiny, fits in pocket wonderfully. Very good pictures, battery life
small size, fast start up, metal casing 
AMAZINGLY compact with 2 MP, 3X optical zoom, Very fast
Size does matter
Small, stylish, fast.
Size.  Size.  Size.
Compact, lightweight
Small, EASY TO USE, quality built.
Amazing looks/build, easy to use, excellent picture quality, feature content, revolutionary features and size, value
Small
Small, Light-weight, Expandable, Features
Size, ease of use, quality
Size, durability, rechargeable battery, long-battery life
Super tiny size, easy to use, great photos.
Very portable. Stylish, too!
Easy to Use, Analog Zoom, Small enough to fit in top pocket
SMALL, decent battery life, fast startup, optical zoom, extremely rugged
size, quick startup, 3MP
small and compact, nice looking, good quality photos
A great "have-it-with-you-all-the-time" camera!
Stylish, ultra Compact, 3X zoom, 3 Megapixels , 
small, light, good picture quality, easy to use
Size, size and size!
size, audio capability, ease of use, design
Small size, ease of use, very good quality snapshots.
Super fast start up hardly any lag between shooting at all resolutions
Excellent Pro Quality Color Laser At Great Price
Great price, good quality color printing, quicker than ink jet.
Fast, high quality, low price, ethernet capable
Minolta holds its own against a new HP product - offers affordable Color printing.
The print quality is superb.
Very Sharp Printing, easy on the consumables !
Fast, neat, top quality print on regular paper
Excellent price, solid quality output. Flexible interfaces and lots of options.
Instant quality prints, Useful menu options, accepts multi media
fast for price, 1200 x 1200, cheap, nice design, doesn't jam, easy to set up.
Small, fast, excellent text., Very good B&amp;W photographs., Best priced laser printer on the market.
Excellent print quality;  17 pages per minute speed;light weight machine
Meets Specifications
Fast, clear/crisp documents
Price, image quality, speed, and size
Fast setup, low cost, excellent print quality.
Cheap, compact, fast printing, good quality, easy to set up, relatively quiet
Good Pictures, Preview Option, CF option, USB Connection, Great Price/Performance
Price
Easy to use, nice pictures, long battery life
easy to use, great pics, low price
cheap
IT WORKED FOR 5 MINUTES
Long battery life, good design, USB, expandable memory
low price, USB connection, Cybershot viewfinder
USB connection, great battery life, price is fairly low
cheap, simple to use, fast picture download
Cheap, sleek looking, easy to use
cheap, easy to use
Very Cheap, Useful, Removable Flash cards, PC Link.
Low cost, easy to use, good software
Cool LCD, fair picture quality, TWAIN interface
cheap
good price performance ratio, small and light
Inexpensive, built in flash, easy to set up
Good quick snap camera for Under $100
Great print quality, print jobs begin quickly
Attractive, fast, excellent quality print, easy to print two sides
Great copies, Quiet, solid, reliable, good technical support.
Price, Low Warm Up Time, Support
Fast printing, quiet when sleeping, Inexpensive, Easy to use, Very good quality printing
Relatively fast, superb text quality
Reliable, good output quality, acceptable speed
Cheap Printer, Good Win98 Support
Great quality, speed and reasonable size. $50 rebate from NEC.
Speed, price, resolution quality.
High quality printouts (text &amp;amp; graphics), fast
Fast and Reliable with superb print quality
&lt;b&gt;Extreme&lt;/b&gt; value, inexpensive, reliable
High quality printouts (text &amp;amp; graphics), price, resolution quality, Great copies, solid, reliable, good technical support clear text Fast and Reliable, speed and reasonable size.
cheap, fast, clear output
Good Printer
Good Value, Expandable, Fast
Text Quality &amp;amp; Price
Good price, okay quality.
Inexpensive
Cheap...easy to set up and use
Inexpensive, fast, and reliable
Solid, quiet, dependable, easy setup
great price for home users. excellent quality
NONE!!!
Quick. high quality
Good software, high quality, unbeatable price
Low operating costs; low equipment cost
quality product, never a problem with it
Fast, sharp and clear graphics
Great price for the quality, clear printing, many shades, user-friendly.
costs and print quality
Price, toner
excellent print quality
Crisp Text and Graphic
Price.
price, performance
Great Printer... reliable and fantastic print
NONE
Great print quality, inexpensive, easy to use, more than fast enough for SOHO environments
Fast, good quality, easy set up and use, and a &lt;i&gt;fantastic&lt;/i&gt; print driver for Win98
great for the home user
Reliable, good output quality, acceptable speed
Fast, sharp output for the money. seldom jams
Good quality printing.  Many printing features.
Good features, cheaper than most cameras.
Good image quality, Price, great macro, wonderful colors
Image Quality, Price, Zoom, Compact Size
Easy to use
Feature Set, Macro, Zoom, AA batteries
Small, good screen
Very easy to use, good zoom range, easy to connect to computer
Small, good pictures, default options work well
Easy transfer of photos.
great zoom, great price, easy to use, 3X optical zoom, good marco pics
Cheap, good picture quality, zoom
Very compact design, great picture quality.
Very small compact design, fast shutter response time, great quality photos.
small/compact, lots of bang for the buck, many nice features
Compact size, good picture quality, great value.
IT takes awesome pictures..Clear, very handy..Small and compact..Affordable price..Awesome zoom
Size, light weight, quality pictures, picture modes
Inexpensive/Quality photos/useful features not found on most cameras in the $$ range/Simple to use.
price, 3x optical zoom, good features, ease of use, easily navigable buttons, compact, picture quality
Compact, neat new swiveling lens design, cheap, excellent metering , 
Nice Pictures, Picture Modes, Self Timer, Great Battery Life
Ease of use, size, great pictures, cool design
Light, easy-to-use digital camera with great resolution
Good automatic mode, nice features and easy to use
Clear Shots
Easy to use, Excellent Quality of pictures, Battery life is good, Has a video mode!
image quality, macro mode, ease of use, battery life, cool looks
Easy to take beautiful pictures, simple to load onto a computer.
Small, swivel lens.
Easy to use, sleek &amp; unique design, swivel lens, "scene" feature
Easy to use, looks nice, movable lense, 
Size, weight,flip lcd,compact flash card
Compact, easy to use, and takes great snapshots
Lots of Scene modes, great pictures outdoors
ac battery charger included, easy uploads w/pc card adapter,fits in pocket
A len that "rotate", light weight, 12 scene modes to select from
Small size, easy self-portraits with 360-degree pivoting lens, fairly simple to use, good price
Lots of features, compact, decent picture quality
Great little camera with a good user interface.
Motion shots.  Auto focus.  Small. The view finder is cool.  Easy to work with.
Very cool looking., Good picture quality
Amazingly sharp outdoor pictures, great close up and zoom, good ergonomics
Small.  Cool swivel lens.
Convenient, easy to use, good swivel lens options, overall respectable results.
Small, CF memory, Rechargable battery, nice pictures in good light, small compact design
Small, cool swivel lens, quality pictures, easy to use
Great camera, Doesn't cost a lot, Takes movies, Many shooting scenes
Compact, value, resolution
Swivel lens, lightweight, movie mode, 3x optical zoom, innovative and sleek design
great to look at, incredibly easy to use, nice compact size
Low Price, good quality
Folding lens avoids scratching.  Easy and accurate photo-taking.  Inexpesive.
Built-in One-Touch Upload button; Inner-swivel lens;  affordable price, 15-minute movie recording
Movie can be shot in 3 kinds: B/W, septia and color. 
Compact Size, Stylish, ergonomic design, 14 scene modes, amazing macro function.
Excellent macro function, Excellent camera for the price &amp; features,Build Quality
small camera! large lens and megapixels for money
Small size, Lots of features, Crisp, clear pictures
Good Price, Excellent Pictures
Clear, Easy to Use, Many Settings
Small, Good Zoom, Sharp Pictures, Good Price.
TINY.  Good Image Quality.  Good Presets. VERY easy to use.
PointnShoot simplicity, Matrix Metering, incredibly flexible scene modes, 
Great pics, small size, optical zoom
 The enhancement options are easily accesible from the camera itself.
Small, lightweight, easy to slip into a shirt pocket
Easy to use, it takes nice photos without the flash!
Compact in size, easy to use, very versatile, wonderful pictures.
Compact, neat swiveling lens design, relatively cheap, excellent metering , 
Easy to use, light weight, lots of options, rechargeable batteries, 
Nikon reputation &amp; past experience, Compact, Respectable megapixel rating, &amp; Decent price!
This durable and lightweight camera can take quality pictures and video of you and others.
Great pictures, corrects red eye problem in Coolpix2500, compact and stores loads of pictures
Compact.  Good pictures.  
Swivel lens, compact size
Easy to use, good price,  its a NIKON, excellent features
4 Megapixels, Bright Display, Easy to use, advanced features, 12x digital zoom, compact
Ease of use, four megapixels, price, size, options
Four MegaPixels, excellent 3X Nikkor Zoom, PointnShoot simplicity, and price, 
Very easy to use
4 megapixels, point and shoot capacity, great images, pro/advanced features, easy to use
Price, Features, battery life
Easy to use. Great photos even in a very dark room.
small, goodlooking, good macro and automatical focus, quick trigger, good picture display
Excellent Image Quality.  Nikon Optics., Compact size.
Small, Rechargeable battery, optical &amp; Digital zoom, perfect color, manual modes
Easy to hold, beautiful pictures, simple setup and documentation, durable
Quality. Advanced manual options.  SMALL for its feature set
Beautiful colors, good macro.
Price, Nice Picture quality, Compact, Lots of settings
Good size and feel, nice features for price, quality images.
Crystal Clear LCD, Decent battery life, AWESOME pics, affordable, ergonomic
Auto, pre-set Scene and Manual modes. Lithium rechargable battery and charger incuded. 4 MegaPixels. 
4 MegaPixels, Ease of Use, Excellent color reproduction, advanced/pro features, price!
user-friendly, fun, light, easy to follow-instructions
Price Vs Quality
So many features, easy to use, easy to learn, great automatic mode
Compact, neat update on the swiveling lens design, 4 megapixel, excellent metering&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
4 Megapixel, Lightweight, versatile, rich colors, sharp lens, accessories, pro-sumer oriented, rechargeable Li-ion battery
4 mpixels. Huge assortment of accessories. Infinitely many shooting options.
There are way too many things that are good about this camera
Ease of use, 4 megapixel, accessories available
Sleek all metal magnesium alloy body, internal focus 4x optical zoom lense.
Light-weighted and durable enough for even the most amateur of photographer.
rechargable batteries, can record video + audio, all metal body, full manual mode, brighter colors
Excellent picture quality; Ease of use.
Excellent build construction, good image quality, swivel design
Very bad camera
Small, lightweight camera, big on features and performance.
Takes great pictures., Outstanding for macro work.
Build Quality, Lens, 4MP CCD, and Excellent Color Saturation
4 megapixels, 4X zoom, great for macros., Lots of options.
Good picture quality, great for technical shots
twist body. great pics. tons of features. nikon.
4 pixels with many accessories give more shooting options
impressive macro capability, feature rich, really nice shots!
Great resolution, features, and ergonomics (But read the manual)
More options than I will ever use, easy to use.
excellent picture quality, good construction and feel, nice size
Excellent macro quality for 35mm slide copying.  Relatively small size. 
Blazingly fast autofocus, excellent metering, and a very very sharp lens.
5 Megapixel Images, Pro metering, NO SHUTTER LAG 
no shutter lag, fast autofocus, 5 megapixels, tons of features
Great pictures, compact design, super fast auto focus
Shutter Response, Excellent Image Quality
Plethora of Features - Excellent Quality - Beyond Excellent Images
size, light weight, ergonomics
Good lens, TONS of features, good battery life-SUPER EASY FILE TRANSFER!!
excellent image quality, flexible, powerful!
Incredible images. Numerous features. Good optics. Nikon name.
Lightweight; Excellent quality photos; easy link to pc
Great resolution, small size, excellent wide-angle zoom.
Excellent image quality, quality Nikon construction, many features, many accessories available, good heavy construction
Pictures are perfect, nice small well built body
Excellent quality, user friendly, compact
Everything about this camera is a plus.
Fast, great colors and resolution.
5 Mega pixels, very small size, lots of options
Great picture quality; simple to use
Many useful features, excellent picture quality, easy photo transfer from camera to computer.
8X Nikkor Zoom, five megapixel resolution, uncompressed RAW &amp; TIFF images, 
Good optical zoom, RAW mode, Great results, Plenty of user control
5 MegaPixel, 8x Zoom, lots of features, accessories, and more pros than I can list
Electronic Viewfinder Plus LCD, Excellent Fit/Grip, 8X Optical and Nikor Lens.
Great image quality &amp; plenty of features to give the photographer total control.
Excellent photo quality and lots of great features!
High resolution, can accept a 1GB memory card, for its ability it is small
Nice appearance. Compact. Great outside shots.
Crisp and clear images, professional and elegant design, 8x zoom is magnificent
5 megapixels, 8X zoom (35-280 mm), nikon quality and reliability
Takes beautiful pictures, 8z zoom, EVF makes camera SLR like, small for it's feature set.
macro , zoom, body
Good picture quality in daylight, 8x Optical zoom, 
responsive, really nice resolution, feature laden
Enormous zoom range, ultra-compact, dazzling images, easy interface
size, weight, lens
takes great shots, cool features
affordable
Image quality and resolution; Ease of use 
Close Up Shooting
Very versatile, compact, easy to use
Easy to carry, just point and shoot
Great deal for a 2.1 megapixel camera
Clear and crisp photos
ease in transfer to laptop
Image Quality second to none Fast performance Uncompressed Tiff Nikkor Lens Manuel controls 
Fast Performance, Good Image Quality
Manual/auto modes, macro, 2X zoom, very easy to handle as it's light and fits hand well.
Light Weight, compact size, excellent features for the money
Small, lightweight, battery is included with camera, good resolution, excellent 8x10 color prints, Nikon reputation
Small, lightweight, easy to use.
Small size, 2 megapixels, one button image transfer, Li-Ion rechargeable battery included.
Compact design. Simple &amp;#147;Scene Mode&amp;#148; operation.  One button photo upload.
Portable, stylish and affordable. Fits in your shirt-pocket. Multiple settings ,daylight pictures are excellent
Battery and charger included, good image quality even on lowest setting 
rechargeable battery, compact size, optical/digital zoom, high resolution.
Small, lightweight, fast and easy photo transfer to the computer
small size, easy to upload photos
small, lightweight, inexpensive, takes excellent macro shots
Ease of use, low price, rechargeable lithium-ion battery
Longlasting rechargeable battery, small and light, good documentation, fast USB connection
Small size, smartmedia, many preset photo modes
rechargable battery, light weight, ease of use
Ultra-compact, sturdy design, easy to use menus, good zoom, quality pictures, inexpensive memory, long-lasting battery.
James Bond,or GQ, for about $300
very small and stealthy
Very light, good LCD Screen, Small, NIKON!, Lots of Features, Lithuim-Ion Battery Inlcuded
Very small, nice pictures, great stills
Size, styling, quality of pics, different auto settings
Small size, easy to use all the features
Lightweight, small, easy to use, great pictures, awesome closeup pics.  Great little camera.
Small and manageable, High quality pictures with good zoom capability.
Excellent pocket camera and easy to hold
Compact size makes it perfect travel camera.
great for people with time on their hands.
Lightweight, sleek design, extremely compact.
Compact and sleek design, Lithium-Ion battery included, Good picture quality
None
- Size, - Battery life, - Daytime pictures
Good size and feel.  Attractive.
Compact,flexible,easy to use, great macro shots, cheap
small, light, long charge time, compact flash
Size, that's about it.
compact, easy to use, good picture
Light, Compact Flash, many modes for different settings
Small, Stylish and easy to use
Compact, lightweight, comes with a RECHARGEABLE BATTERY. Excellent quality.
Small, Scene Mode, includes battery and charger
Small, easy to use, convenient, good quality.
Rechargeable NIMH battery, recharger &amp; all cables, small &amp; compact.
Very small, Good picture quality
comes with rechargeable battery and charger, crisp pictures for a 2 megapixel 
Small, fairly easy to use, very easy to upload to computer
Small Size, Easy to Use
Great Pictures, Light and Small Camera
Nice small size for carrying.  Good pictures.  Very easy to use.  
Great value for money if you are a reletive novice.
Fun, inexpensive, takes lovely clear pictures, and it just works.
Good ergonomics, excellent image quality, decent macro
Great picture quality, easy to use, loads of options to play with.
add-on lenses (teleconverters,wideangle,fisheye) are available and compatible with more expensive Nikon Coolpix 
Great quality enlargements.
A true point and shoot camera.  Great grip.  Exposure modes &amp; "Best Shot".
So easy to use, you almost forget its digital!
Good resolution for a low cost camera
High quality pictures, inexpensive, bright LCD
Compact size, ease of use, low power consumption, image quality
ease of use
Great photos, many features
Very durable, great add-ons
Accurate color, Crisp definition
optical zoom,lower cost,smaller size,execellent exposure, focus, and color
Great resolution, fantastic buy if discounted, $75 Nikon rebate through 04/01.
Easy to use, intuitive design
Great Value. Very Reliable, Easy to Use and Excellent Picture Quality.
Professional Nikon features take incredible pictures at a great price
Price, Features, Lens, Durability.
Point and shoot, easy to use, high quality and sharp pictures, real time LCD update
finely tuned technology
Amazing photos, various accessories, affordable
Picture quality, ease of use
Too many to list
small, lightweight, durable, 
Pretty good... good brand.
Outstanding image quality, ease of use in auto mode, extensive selectivity in manual mode, uncompressed TIFF mode, three useful compressed JPEG modes, wide shutter speed range, rapid recovery allows multiple shots in a short period of time, good ergonomics
Photo Quality, Easy to Use, Lightweight
Feature rich, 2.1 megapixel quality
high resolution pictures, ergonomic design, low price
easy to use, great picture quality
Lens, ease of use, accessories, great pictures even at &amp;quot;basic setting&amp;quot;, 
Price and functions
good color, good exposure; fast picture review; easy menus;
Takes great pix, tech support came through
Its a Nikon, It takes great pictures!
picture quality, ease of use
Photo quality, power consumption, features, value. 
Price, quality, size
Great enlarged shots
Excellent quality photos, Intuitive user-interface and controls, great price!
Photo quality; Price; Easy to use; Good manual options
Price, quality, and brand.
Fantastic Photos
Size, image quality, features, convenience
High quality, easy to use
Easy to use, price, pic quality
Good picture, decent battery life.
Great bang for the buck and lightweight.
Great price, a lot of features, easy to use.
Great Picture Quality and White balancing system,  Very inexpensive with rebate
Ease of use, portability, quality of pictures
Price and Quality
excellent price, excellent features (that work as promised!), excellent photo quality!!!
Great Pictures
Image Quality
excellent picture quality
Small, excellent photo quality, intuitive controls
great photos, good price
great quality prints
High quality images
quality, ease of use
Awesome picture quality, excellent features, light, small
good pictures
image quality is good
Digital, can put on computers, viewing screen, quality and flash settings, does not use film, durable, easy to use.
Easy to take pictures, CompactFlash memory cards make it simple to move pics to PCs
Excellent Nikon photo quality (keyword photo quality)
Great quality images, very affordable, and easy to use 
High quality high resolution pictures. Lots of features
2+ megapixel, Great images, add on lenses, great price
Great Value. Very Reliable, Easy to Use and Excellent Picture Quality.
Easy to use, customizable settings, great photos.
Can be picked up cheap. High  quality to last you a couple more years. 
Small, well located controls, viewfinder &amp; clear 2.5x zoom, lens addons
Captures great photos, many features.
Nikon name, pixels
All the useful features of the Nikon 990, with a better size for traveling.
good photos, nice size, interesting scene mode, great quick view.
High resolution, right size, good preview, powerful zoom
Great photos with lots of detail, zoom, some manual features
Compact, Easy, Excellent Quality Photos
Great pictures, nice auto settings
Very light weight and compact, good quality pictures, versatile.
Excellent image quality, fast shot2shot recharge
sharp images, many features, lower cost
3.34 megapixels, great lens, many modes, caters to amateurs and pros, crisp LCD screen
Manual modes, optical zoom, metering options
Size, Battery life, PC Connectivity, Pic Quality.
Quality pictures, picture enhancing features, 5 autofocus regions, Scenes mode, small and light-weight.
Great image quality, great auto metering, one touch photos.
compact size, good lens, great manual control, and good button location
compact size &amp; settings galore
Excellent color and lighting, full of features.
3.34 Megapixels, Great Features, Super Price
very high quality images, compact size
Good images, convenient
Nikon Quality, Feature Rich, Manual Control
Featured-Packed and Oh So Small!
Price picture quality
Very compact, tons of features, great picture quality even at the lower settings.
Excellent photos, compact size, easy to use, optical zoom, available accessories
3.34 megapixel,Macro ability, Best Image quality
CAMERA SOUND, CAMERA ZONE, COMPDIRECT and DISCOVERY CAMERA do not honor their website prices!
Nikon name, form factor.
Size, Price, Picture Quality, Features
Great size, solidly built, light.
Very good price, many features, rather compact, excellent quality of images
Quality, price, add-on accessories, LOTS of features, size, great macro, SCENE mode, etc.
excellent pictures
compact, very sharp, accurate color
Good Price! Great Picture quality! Easy to learn! Unbeatable value!
Fantastic camera, TC-E3ED teleconverter can shoot the moon, See below
Sometimes it takes decent pictures
Good features - nice design - sharp images
Light, small, sharp, easy to use, flexible manual controls
Good controls, sharp pictures, good manual mode
image quality, size and weight, manual controls, optional wide angle and telephoto lenses
Small, feature-full, 3.21 megapixel Camera with user friendly layout
Good picture quality, easy to use, compact and small, lighweight, good features
Compact, lightweight, decent battery life, uses CF cards, good macro, easy to use.
size and easy to use
Easy to use, affordable, lightweight and convienient.
user friendly, small, durable with good pictures
Very small, takes great pictures, rechargeable battery.
small, fits well in your hands, auto mode takes good simple pictures for a beginner
Compact, lightweight, user-friendly, affordable, high quality photos
Compact, light, easy to use
great small size
Usage instructions are very clear;  very compact and easy to carry
small size and ease of use; versatile with many options
Small, great battery life
Compact, easy to navigate menu, 
small, lots of shooting modes
New 3X Nikkor Zoom, &amp;#147;Point&amp;#146;n&amp;#146;Shoot&amp;#148; simplicity, Matrix Metering, CSM mode and Quick Review mode&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Small, Good Lens, Rechargeable Battery Supplied,Nice Design
Affordable, easy to use, tons of options
Image quality, design, ease of use, good auto and manual mode photos, build quality excellent.
Great feel, high quality pictures, many options, and easy to use.
Size, Small, Good/Okay egronomics, easy use controls, available memory cards.
High resolution, low cost
Great image quality, premium optics, rock-solid construction, versatility, adjustability, swivel design, attachable lenses and filters.
Good picture quality, features, Compact Flash media, build quality, great accessories
Relatively inexpensive NiMh AA batteries can be used.  Good close ups.
quality pictures
Good resolution &amp;amp; picture quality, easy to use
Amazing Image Quality, Good manual control, solid design
easy to use, colorful photos
nice feature set, swivel view finder
great picture quality, easy to use
excellent picture quality
Features, ease of use, photo quality
Clear pictures, even at full zoom.
Image quality, ease of use, flexibility, size.
Great quality of pictures, ease of use
Swivel lense, Nikon quality, Cost effective over long run
flexible, rugged, high quality
Clear pictures.  Comfortable to use.  There is a lot you can do with this camera if you take the time to learn it.
Design, Features, High Quality
great pictures
Great Quality, Rotating Head, Lot's of features
Brilliant LCD, Nikon Quality 
Incredible image resolution quality, great optics and features.
No film developing, environmentally sound
great durable camera , swival head, AA batteries
Small, extremely versatile, easy to use.
Great image quality, swivel lens, optical zoom
Excellent image quality and ease of use
Superb picture quality, fun to use
Wow, look at those shots!  I must be a pro!
Manual controls empower you to be creative.
great image quality, tons of features, easy to use
Tremendous flexibility  quality
solid construction, battery life, image quality
Picture quality, ease of use
High quality, ease of use, compact easy to carry, accessories readily available.
Full auto features, Macro capability
Hot Features, Nikon Dependability, Ease of Use
Nikon quality
ease of handling, good picture quality
Great Value for the Price
Picture quality, speed of shooting, swivel head, best shot selector, dynamic ISO ranges, great macro ability
Excellent flash and ergonomics
very easy to use; excellent picture quality
compact, high quality images
photo quality
Beautiful images
Good quality and speed to get the result
- 2.1 megapixel resolution  - Wide array of features and options that are relatively easy to use
Great size, Great Pictures, Nikon quality
quality, resolution, storage, instant viewing
Great looking pictures
light weight, easy to use and reasonably priced
Nice Camera
Hi resolution and manual controls
Great feature set.
image quality, speed, features, compactflash
features, picture quality
It twists!!!!!
More features than most cameras in this price range.
QUALITY, EASE OF USE IN AUTOMATIC MODE, FUNCTIONS
Great quality, durable, relatively easy to use
Boatload of features, great image quality
easy to use and good quality images
See review
Compact size, excellent images, excellent macro focus
Great Image Quality. 
Swivel feature is unbeatable. Image quality is outstanding
Excellent camera
Great pictures
Optical and LCD finders, user control
Great images, Total Control Over Settings
Great  Features, Awesome Pictures, 
Incredible range of features, high quality pics, over 2megapixels
Small, lightweight, digital
Excellent images, easy to use, tons of accessories
takes great photos
Good photo quality
picture quality, manual controls, amazing macro mode
Image-quality, Ease-of-use, Build-quality, Ergonomics
Good quality 
good image quality, fairly durable camera
Fun  Great Quality Pictures  Easy to Use
Quality images, easy of use
great images
very good picture quality and easy to use
Good picture quality, easy to use
easy to use, swivel lens, macro mode built in, has all basic features
user friendly, use of compact flash cards and AA size batteries
Easy to use, excellect picture quality 
Nikon quality Lens,  many features 
monitor, features, lens
absolute top quality photos
Superior quality, easy to use, compact &amp;amp; light, plenty of extras with the camera and you can buy further lenses/accessories
Nikkor lens, image quality, size, speed
Incredible macro, very sharp and color correct lens giving sharp brilliant pictures.
Twistable case, crisp image
Swivel design; picture quality; versatility
It's a real camera, it has additional lenses and filters made for it, it's good
Excellent quality, relatively easy to use.
Extremely sharp details
Lightweight,Easy to use,Great images
Quality pictures, easy to use.
Ease of use, color view screen
Great pictures,lens and features
Many features for amateurs, good resolution, bright LCD, macro lens, swivel body.  Very nice pictures.
Form-factor, picture quality, zoom, massive features.
High quality photos.  Very Useful.  Great Close-ups.  I love this camera!  
Loaded with useful features; easy to adjust exposure; expandability; helpful display
Great handling, wonderful storage capacity, lightweight,compact,good quality pictures.
Swivel lens, takes CF cards, uses size AA batteries and takes great pictures!
Excellent resolution, features, split body.
Great photo resolution, sharp images, good color, easy to use
Durablity, quality of photos, easy to use.
Excellent pictures in Auto almost every time.
great pictures, easy to use, pro settings
High Rez, Smart Style and Features
Great LCD screen, rugged, customizable
Excellent image quality
easy to use
Small, easy to use, and takes great pics
Very Nice Pic's
Extensive manual control option, good photo quality
macro ability can't be beat, and the nikon lens is amazing.
great picture quality
Image quality, Functionality, Design
swivel body, multiple modes, ease of use in automatic mode, quality of images
Tons of features, movie mode, and very clear pictures!
unrivaled digital image quality
best digital camera out there for under $1000
Value, image quality, versatility, zoom, macro
Ultra-sharp high res photos, Lots of user
Superb image quality, lots of options, fast download speeds to a PC, AUTO mode is as easy to use as a regular camera, and much more...
Excellent Image Quality
High pixel resolution, easy to use, good software
High Resolution, Good Zoom.
Sharp, contrasty lens, 3.34MPixels, neat twist body.
So easy to use it's scary
picture quality equivalent to a good 35mm camera
GREAT picture quality
Great features, if I ever get the software I paid for.
Blow your mind pictures
Great images, feature rich
Takes beautiful photographs easily!
Solid, dependable, well documented.
image quality, features
Good image quality, quality construction.
It's the picture quality stupid.
Great pictures, 3.34 megapixels produce great printout up to 8 by 10, Durable, Great interface
Great Quality, Sturdy Design
See Writeup
Great detail and color
Resolution, Magnesium Body, USB Interface
memories, previewing as it happens, showing to people as you go
Sharpness and advanced capabilities
Flexibility, Usability, Technology, Price, Quality
great camera awesome resolution, zoom.
economy of digital with images = to film
easy to use,best value
Similar featuresd as 35 MM counterparts, great automatic mode-Quality, simple to use!!
its a good camera
Best image for under $1000
Sharp Detailed Photos
stuff
3.34 Megapixels, Swiveling Zoom Lens, Great Feature Set
design
Excellent color, has histogram
 
See list of 10
Many features, flexible use, good pictures
fabulous picture quality, very quick operation
Very sharp! Excellent zooming, good view panel, easy to use
fast in taking pictures,fast in reviewing pictures,fast in changing camera settings
Swivel body, great picture quality, features for the money.
This camera produces some of the best prints Ive seen, great features and solid workmanship
Excellent high resolution photos with 35mm camera functions
Stunning image quality, manual modes for custom shots, USB transfer, external flash capability
Big Pictures, high res.
Unsurpassed macro ability, 4X zoom, 6X review, ergonomics
Nikon quality, great photos, 4X zoom, good battery life, lots of functions
Easy to use for the beginner, Functionality for the Pro, and the best exposure system.
Great picture quality, flexable resolution/compression rate, features galore
Awesome closeups, amazing detail, automatic settings take wonderful shots
Great picture quality.  Full of features, yet easy to point and shoot in auto mode.
Worthy replacement to the 950 and 990.
Sharp pictures, easy to read display, easy to operate
Superb color, outstanding Macro, easy to use auto features
Extremely capable camera with ease of use for the average user and the experienced professional.
Crisp shots, good zoom capabilites
Takes Beautiful Pictures
More megapixels, more zoom, better features, great lens.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
manual mode is very powerful
Mostly good and sharp pictures
4x lense, great color capture, many options, design, adequate speed
Takes great pictures, very clear, pretty good zoom
Multiple features, Large size for big hands, GREAT image quality
Lots of nice features, high quality design.
Very nice Camera
Good image quality
Excellent build quality, durable, great resolution and clarity, Nikon lenses are among the best
New 4X Zoom lens, new &amp;#147;in-camera&amp;#148; image manipulation options &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
It's a Nikon, great colors most of the time. Solid
Excellent quality, works right out of the box.
Super lens and quality
Great for those who need something at or near the top of the line.
Great lens, improved zoom, better resolution options, included lithium-ion battery.
Uses SLR lenses, fantastic resolution, familiar controls, no shutter delay!
Feature rich, lens interchangeability, 6 megapixel resolution &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Instantaneous response
6  megapixels,great battery life,light weight
Negligible lag time when powering up the camera, long battery life.
Nikon quality, all Nikon lenses will work. , Image quality very good. 
Pictures, Product construction, Battery life
Image quality.  Ability to use Nikon lenses.  Options.
Beautiful images, fast, natural picture taking. Bright viewfinder. Awesome battery life.
Super!!
It's got all the functions needed for a basic professional camera. 
Easy to use, Great Photos, Long Battery life, functionality
Good pictures, rugged construction, Nikon lenses.
great images, decent price, will use Nikon glass
great feel, quick response, DON'T need nikon capture to open RAW files
Just a great camera to use with all the versatility that you could want.
Six Megapixel Professional Digital SLR
Fast, reliable, the best SLR Digital Camera made.
Excellent quality, fun to use, powerful
Extremely capable camera, high image quality, accurate colors, fast.
Takes sharp, crisp digital photographs unmatched by any other digital camera
The BEST
The jewel of Nikon's famed interchangeability
Full professional digital SLR
Excellent quality pictures
Outstanding images, F-series quality
many features, good finished product
Excellent camera system, acts like a film camera
easy to use, saves time and money
High Quality-Professional Features
Professional Quality Digital
The best of all digital cameras.
It does everything you would need from a professional grade film body.
inexpensive, excellent print quality
paper tray
Cheap, toner is cheap, small compact size
When the printer prints - it's great.
chip
laser quality prints, low supply cost per page
print quality
Inexpensive.
Zoom, Zoom Zoom!!!! Did I forget to mention the ZOOM!!!
Many features
Awesome Zoom, Great Clarity, Great User Settings
Long zoom, manual settings, size, versatility
Easy to use
Incredible zoom, nice sharp photos, relatively easy to operate
Zoom, clarity, special functions
Price, 10X zoom, manual settings, great battery life, compact size, 
zoom, features, picture quality
Great zoom, with wonderful resolution and sharpness.Compact size.
Picture quality, small, light.
Ease of general use; compact size; good quality pictures for the price
inexpensive, good quality fotos, olympus name
Easy to use, great photo quality, easy to transfer
Easy To Use, Inexpensive
cheap, decent pictures
good price, good pics, small
Pocketable, serious, rugged, inexpensive, good images
great picture quality, easy to use, inexpensive, many functions
Great optics, wonderful images, small, nice design, built well, enough features to be flexible. 
When I purchased the camera it worked fine!
Small, inexpensive, easy to use.
Low price, Very high quality pictures, Easy to use
GREAT quality pics for a 1.3 megapixel camera
small size, ease of use, reliable
Easy to use, High photo quality
Compact size, excellent picture quality, great value
A Starter Camera with a Great Finish! 
Compact, light, simple, 3x optical zoom, USB cable
Easy to carry, Optical Zoom, Macro, USB connection
Good picture quality, long battery life, very easy to use.
Simple design, easy to learn, simple to use, easy-read manuals and in depth CD information.
Impressive list of features, Price, Simplicity
Small, inexpensive, loaded with features, easy to use, good quality photos.
Pocketable.  Stylish.  AA Batteries
small, fits in your pocket, image quality, easy to use
Optical zoom, macro, hard lens cover, excellent price, long battery life and high quality pics
Fast, Pretty, Functional design.
Versatility, features, picture quality, vibrant color
quality, versatility.
3x optical zoom, excellent image quality, fast recycle time
many features, great quality
Amazing quality of pictures
Lots of good features and runs of cheap, simple AA batteries.
excellent image quality, easy to use, optical and digital zoom, remote control
fully manual, offers full creative control for photographers, compact, quality
High quality images, optical zoom
Film-quality images, fast recovery time between shots
Image Quality, compact design, speed, features
Picture quality, portability
great resolution, zoom lense, red eye light, sleek design, rechargable batteries w/ charger, overall, a great package!
High Resolution
Compact, easy to use, flexible
The best digital camera ever
ease of use, LCD display, lens modes, extras
Easy to use, Great quality of hardware and software
Image quality
Perfect for an amateur
Excellent pictures, small package
Image quality, light weight, functionality
Great resolution, compact size, wonderful internal flash
Excellent Quality photos, and relatively easy to use.
This is a great camera that takes quality pictures and many options to choose from
great images, SLR-type features
high resolution, compact, portable, easy to use
great learning manual, good price, excellent photos, great zoom
Excellent image, 35mm competitor, excellent overall features
Long battery life.
Very good pictures, 3x optical zoom
Lots of features. Easy to use. Small, but powerful. 
Has almost every feature you could dream of.
lots of great features, nice image quality, long battery life
Easy to use Excellent photos Many features
great potential pics
small, yet takes great pictures
Nice screen, good quality images, decent battery life
Good quality photos, price
lots
This camera is easy to use. Batteries last a long time
Excellent photo quality, easy to use, long battery life
When it is working, it is spectacular.
Ease of handling and high resolution
Compact, high quality, complete control AND video!
Great Camera
excellent resolution, easy to use, compact retro design
Great software, powerful functions.
Excellent image quality, packed with features
amazing camera
There are many pros about this camera. This camera takes quality pictures and would be great for any family
Great photos, ease of use, sharp lens
excellent image quality, good features, falling price
Easy to use, beautiful pictures.
a lot , i imagine
compact, light-weight, and easy to use
Great quality, easy to use
Fabulous picture quality, compact
user friendly, fun, easy to use, good manual, light
Size, Functionality, Wow-Factor
Great image quality,  small lightweight design,  
Wonderful and economic choice
Good picture view, outstanding picture quality, so convenient and versatile.
Great pictures, portable
Capable of taking truly great photos
Price level, full manual control, very powerful flash
Easy and great pictures almost every shot
viewing screen, zoom, black-and-white photos
Small profile &amp;amp; long lasting battery power
Great images, easy to use, full featured.
form factor, SmartMedia, photo quality, QuickTime movies
Simple to start using, easy download, advanced photo techniques, long battery life if LCD isn't used
Great quality - lots of useful options
Design, compatibility with auxiliary strobes, ease of use and image quality.
Excellent image quality, great versatility, wireless remote, movie mode, full control camera
Overall image quality
Great zoom lens
high picture quality. nice color. manual control
No film cost
easy to use, high quality images
Long battery life, good quality images
Great picture quality, long battery life
Great picture, easy to download pics, and great software
Quality photos, photographic features
Easy to use, durable, good resolution, memories for a lifetime
compact design and advanced features
Light, small, easy. Good quality photos
Picture Quality, Features, battery life
Feature-rich, solidly built, great picture quality.
Good image quality; battery life 
Great Camera with features for the Beginner and Professional!
Good image quality, easy to use, inexpensive
Everything you could want and you save a fortune.
Overall near-perfection!  Excellent quality, good price, easy-to-use, remote-control!
Image Quality, USB, Versatility, Battery Life
Optical zoom lens allowing for better low light photography, great picture quality, ease of use
Excellent camera that has lots of controls and takes very good pictures
Excellent picture quality, Good battery life, Plenty of manual options 
Very easy to use, great quality photos
Great picture quality; very versatile for the money
Sharp, rich pics; tons of great features; high build quality
Excellent image quality and great low light performance
Great Manual features, clear pictures, good battery life
Lightweight, compact digital camera, very easy to use.  
Quality lens, metering, flash options, size, weight, configuration options, USB
Great digital pictures. Easy to upload to PC
Photo quality, ease of use, USB &amp; lens cap leash
High quality pictures, easy to use
Photo quality, many features, manual control, AA batteries
excellent picture quality; 10x optical zoom; SLR style view finder.
Ease of use &amp; great pics with a 10x optical zoom.
IS ZzooomM, Overall Pic Quality, Focus assist, Processing/refresh speed, Remote, Price dropping daily.
Feature Rich, Great Looking Hardware, Zoom, Picture quality
Long zoom lens, Great features, great photos, Sturdy and well built
Excellent camera! Loved it since the moment of first use!
Awesome 10x zoom, image stabilizer, 2.1Mega Pixels, good flash, quicktime movies.
A perfect product , the 10X optical Zoon ,in total is high quality product.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
10X optical zoom, image stabilization, great shots, complete package
10x zoom, image stabilizer, accurate colors, sharp lens
Relatively compact compared to an SLR with similar zoom features
10x Optical Zoom, Image Stabilization, Great Controls
Excellent quality photos; outstanding zoom lens; understandable controls and operation.
Easy use, long zoom lens, great quality pictures
10X zoom , feature-laden
10x Zoom lens, Many features
Image stabiliser, 10X zoom, easy to hold, great colour, light weight
Image stabilization.  10x zoom eliminates penalty of 2.1 megapixels.
Great features, good price.  10X zoom - more than any camera even after three years.
10x stabilized zoom lens, electronic viewfinder, excellent pictures
Excellent zoom and picture quality
It's an Olympus.
The Zoom!!! The features galore. 
Flexible, comfortable, quick, capable.
Excellent Digital Camera, Lot's of options, manual full of information.
Easy to use; lots of bells/whistles
Great pictures, pretty good storage media.
Zoom, Zoom, Zoom
ZOOM!, extensive manual controls
Excellent stabilized zoom, easy to use, creative energies can be used due to the ability to set shutter speed and aperture settings manually, camera is good for twilight and night shots,etc.
In one word: ZOOM: this has one of the best zooms I've seen at 10x optical
Great zoom and quick response time! Night setting fun!
10x stabilized zoom, illuminated autofocus, excellent optics
ZOOM a great 10x zoom with optical stabilizer ease of use and great photos
ZOOOOOOOMM!!!, Lots of manual options.
Extremely good photo quality. Full automatic to full manual controls.
Get picture immeadiately, pictured are small wallet size, computer pictures are nice quality.
good zoom features, on the fly editing in-camera, Polaroid printing feature
good zoom features, on the fly editing in-camera, Polaroid printing feature
Great camera!  Has many features, and a great software program.
Good quality digital photos.  Built-in printer.
Good pics,easy to use
great deal for money
Great Digital pictures with the convenience of instant pictures.
Amazing features, photos, and convenience.
Great Picture Quality and Easy to use
Excellent photo quality , very good printing quality , Low Price.
Very good Picture Quality &amp; Fun to Use!
Instantly prints pictures on Polaroid film.
Digital camera coupled with polaroid prints
Another excellent Olympus digital camera, print feature a neat novelty.
Nice Olympus camera with good zoom capability and it can print too!
Prints at the push of a button!
Ease of use, ability to print on the spot, Olympus digital "greatness" behind this camera
Easier than it looks, Good quality, Instant prints, Fun !
Impressive features that are much needed for the advanced amateur.
It's Olympus! SLR, reading CompactFlash &amp; SmartMedia.
Great pictures, full SLR controls on shutter, exposure, aperture, rechargeable batteries and charger, 3x zoom, 32MB SmartMedia card included. Fast autofocus. Durable design.
Image quality, dual memory cards, pro features
True SLR, exceptional features,two types of storage media
High resolution shots, multiple shooting modes, large review screen
Low light focusing, SLR
ease of use, quality of photos
Fast operation, good image quality, solid feeling design
Resolution, zoom lens, memory cards
Great Image Quality
Great Quality and Fair Price
Some nice features, good image quality
35mm Quality, 3x Optical Zoom, True SLR, Plenty of Storage, Auto-Everything
Everything
Stunning quality, always ready to shoot, many adjustments, infrared focus
Sharp, forgiving (exposure.), easy to operate
everything but cost!
digital SLR, good image quality, remote control
Lots of great features, Good photo quality
Manual features, great photos, everything
Many features, excellent quality, great Macro.. SLR!
Excellent picture quality, great control, great price!
Clear, printable pictures. More options than you can use.
Wide array of features and settings, outstanding image quality
3.3 megapixel, great image quality, accurate colors, auto exposure bracketing, remote control 
Great Quality photos, Solid feel. large # of features, &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Memory Card, USB+.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Very user friendly, even for novice; excellent color and contrast, even in natural light
Dead simple to use, beautifully built, infallible autofocus and exposure
Great Quality Pictures, Mini Movie Feature
Picture quality is excellent; remote is a must
easy to use, excellent picture quality, low priced 3.34 megapixel camera
Great pictures, easy to use, great resolution.
Very nice pictures with faithful colors.  Great features too.
Good price, nice quality, easy to use, trusted brand.
Easily to use as compared to other Digital Cameras
Reasonable price, lots of manual options, Olympus quality.
Takes excellent quality pictures, only 3.34 megapixel camera on market under $500
Great looking pictures. 
Great Value for the $$$.  Excellent entry-level 3MP digital camera
Great optics, affordable, full featured, easy to use
Great looking photos, very happy with larger prints, like 8x10, 5x7
Beautiful picture quality, great on batteries and an EXCELLENT cam for the price!
EVERYTHING
Excellent results from a bargain basement priced camera.
Very efficient camera I use it even for my commercial printing needs
Full featured, controls logically laid out, excellent image quality.
picture quality is OK
Great battery life, ease of use, Picture Quality
bought factory re-furbished, excellent quality pictures
Sturdy, Remote Control, Large LCD Display, Digital Zoom, 3.34 Mega Pixel
Picture Quality, Battery Life, Ease of Use
Clear, good quality pictures
Excellent resolution, Lots of great functions, Easy to use, Takes 30 second movie clips
great shot quality, easy to use, many photo options
great results, like a real SLR, USB interface, fast response time
Outstanding image quality, features, USB connectivity
Excellent large prints
Incredible photo-quality pictures. Easy to use! USB port compatible and fast.
Superb picture quality. Good auto mode and loads of manual options. Price.
Good camera body&amp;outlook, photos with good details, sharpness and colour, pleasing lens coatings, AA-powered
Excellent Photos!
Image quality, versatility, compactness. The best today.
Versatile, good improvements to quicktime movies
quality image, compact size
very good picture, enough res to print 8x10
Complete control over settings.
great photo quality, fast download via USB
picture quality, ease of operation, instant gratification
light,portable,quality prints,easy to operate
quicktime video plus audio, 3.3 MP, top quality fit &amp; finish
Takes beautiful detailed pictures and movies! 
Great picture quality, easy to use, great camera
Outstanding Pictures, easy to use.
Best 3.3 Megapixel digital camera on the market
Great price for the features you get and very nice quality photos, had USB compatibility
Photo quality, features
Olympus Quality, Small frame.
Same quality, less expensive than 3030
MANY FEATURES/HIGH RESOLUTION/MOVIE CAPABILITY 
Great shots, tons of options
Easy to use, quality pictures, has remote control, USB connection is fast. 
Quality, size, weight
large storage compasity
Great Pictures-Easy to use
Hundreds of dollars cheaper than comparable digital cameras, 3.34 MP resolution, lots of manual options
Easy to use. Downloading to computer a snap. Excellent value. Photographic quality shots.
Good size, zoom, remote, timer, comfortable neck strap
Excellent photos! Plus an easy to use camera!
Outstanding white balance, contrast adjustment, and noise reduction options, reasonable cost, and excellent images&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Easy to use, "drag and drop" pics to PC
Excellent resolution, ease of use, and 
Nice photos. Good mix of features. 
Great quality photos, easy to use
Simple for the novice, comfortable, sharp pictures, quick and durable!
Wonderful picture quality.
Great photo quality, feature - full, upgradeable, ergonomic, intuitive, night, movie, and macro modes
Easy to use, takes great pictures, lots of options.
Great image quality &amp; ease of use.  Compact with many features.
Cost, Quality Pictures, Ease of Use
Great Camera and Lens designed by famed Olympus Camera Designer Maitani
Picture quality
Almost all the features of a SLR in a fairly small package
Allows a variety of manual controls
Good image quality, easy point and shoot mode, multiple options.
Beautiful photos all the time
Beautiful pictures.  Good resolution.  
great, crisp photos.
Features, Picture Quality, Olympus reputation
Fits hand nicely, takes excellent pix.
Good Zoom, easy to handle, tons of options.
good pictures. easy to use
Sharp lens, reliable, manual modes, feature rich.
Good price / quality ratio, Sturdy design
Nice Feel, Very easy to use.
Amazing picture quality, easy to use
Great Quality shots--flash works well in low light
sound, movie, 3.34 megapixels, manual over ride, small, lightweight and easy to handle.
Great Pictures
Tremendous performance, very accurate, high quality results
Picture quality
sound, movie, 3.34 megapixels, manual over ride, small, lightweight and easy to handle.
quality of images, range of options
High quality glass lens system, aluminum body, many image compression options
Great image quality, 3.34 Megapixels, good color accuracy.
Good resolution, and features
Flexibility, light weight, sturdy.
Compact, Quality, Ease of Use
Lightweight, High Resolution &amp;amp; Short Movies
no
optical zoom
Multi mode operation
captures great images
Great Picture Quality.  Responsive, easy to use, intuitive controls.
High resolution, compact, versatile, many features
FABULOUS COLOR
Great quality, resolution, movie, sound
great pictures, feature rich
Olympus C700 destroys the digital camera competition.
EXCELLENT RESULTS, easy to use, 
Fast f1.8 lens, Excellent picture quality, 32 mb internal memory buffer, good battery life&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Excellent low light lens, picture quality, auto exposure settings
Good picture quality, fast lens.
Excellent Pictures, tons of features, good zoom, light weight, good all around camera.
good picture quality, color balance, ergonomic size, bright lens
Ease of use but has lots of customization options; included remote, and all cables
Great outdoor photos, lens pulls in tons of light, good functionality
Quality, options
Excellent picture quality
sturdy body, pc connectivity, a lot of features, great tft screen, lens, power management, etc
This camera contours nicely to your hand and can take high quality pictures.
Fabulous Photos, great range of user controls, fast lens 
Excellent Pictures! Quick turn around, burst mode.
Excellent photos, connectivity, size and functions
Great image quality. Fast lense. Classy look. Burst mode.
Great photos&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Don't have to worry about film&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Takes pictures right out of the box
Crisp clean photographs. Great color. Great features
A very well designed camera.
lower light (1.8f), excellent pictures
Quality
fast lens, good (AAs) battery life, very flexible functionality, quick turnround, mjpeg movies, good display
1.8f lens, AA batteries, excellent quality images
Tremendous features, large monitor, excellent quality photos
Excellent image quality and easy to use buttons
Lots of manual options, incredible feature set, superb four megapixel digital images, 
Fantastic optics for color and clarity; Manual and automatic controls for pros and debutants
Fast, Many settings and options, picture quality and clarity.
Photo quality, features, style
Loads of features; easy enough for point-and-shoot use; customizable My Modes and shortcuts; bright LCD.
Easy to change options, clarity of preview, great zoom quality
Has a lot of features for the beginner and more advanced photographer.  
value, 4mp, good resolution
Manual and Automatic.  Very little lag.  4 megapixel.
Excellent pictures, great price.  Best value for the money.
4MP, Large LCD, Digital Zoom, Flash Options, Movie Options
To many to list (see review)
Clarity, color and detail of pictures is terrific.
Ease of use and features built in
You'll love the features!
Affordable for a really nice camera
Sharp pictures, flexible, easy photo downloading, reasonably priced.
Photo Quality. Ease Of Menus. Features!
Terrific versatile camera. Dream camera for amateurs.
it is very easy to use simple instructions
A Digital Camera That Will Do All Your Work.
Lots of features.  A good value for money in 4-Mega-pixel group.
Good quality of pictures and easy to use.
Extravagant range of possible settings, yet can be used as a point-and-shoot
Excellent Optics, Resolution, Ease of Use, Small Size, and Olympus Quality
Excellent Quality. Even great for a Pro!
Wonderful resolution-I produced a 52-page yearbook using all digital photos and they were great.
great pictures-long battery life-good software
Professional quality photos &amp; many, features in a compact camera.
Great sharp Images,price,great zoom ratio,nice control layout,nice size LCD.
fairly small in size
Great quality, good price, nice software, AA batteries 
Great picture quality and light weight.
Great features
4MP for a good price.  Good Quality images.  
Crisp pics, movie capability, delete what you don't want.
Amazing picture quality, loads of features, ability to add lenses
Great picture quality. Easy to use, just point and shoot.
OUTSTANDING PICTURES;EASY TO USE
Excellent Photos!
Very fast / high quality lens, good picture quality, accepts standard AA batteries
Great pictures with great exposure.
great picture quality, price, advanced features
Lot of features.  Great indoor/outdoor quality.
Fast image processor
I like this digital camera a lot. Easy to use.  
Very good quality photos, easy to use.
many features, great pics, design, resolution choices, great macro and MORE
Lightweight, long zoom AND macro!, manual and automatic settings, GREAT flash, much more!
Excellent quality, lots of features, mini movie with sound
great for photography buff as well as point and shoot person
Excellent picture quality, fast zoom lens, remote control.
Great camera for just about anyone.
Takes outstanding pictures.  Has more features than I expected. Very easy to use.
Newer low price. Good Resolution. Good close up pics.
Easy to use; creates crisp, colorful, large photos.
Very compact design, 5 Mega Pixels, Not much else
Compact, Solid, Great photo Quality, Ease of use
Small camera, lightweight,excellent pictures.
Rugged Body, Compact, Hi-Res, Manual options, great images w/practice, battery life
Compact,high resolution,razor sharp and bright LCD
picture quality, compactness, easy to use
Small size, xD card is very fast, sharp photos, ease of use
nice design, light weight, fun to use, affordable &amp; super small
5-megapixel resolution; f2.8 3X optical zoom lens; Long-lasting rechargeable battery
small, 5 pixels
compact size, good picture quality
Compact
Ultra compact, five megapixels, manual exposure options, 
Compact and easy to transfer pictures to the computer
Small, five megapixels, lithium ion battery/charger
small, good battery life, good resolution
Picture quality, XD Memory Card Technology, size, weight, battery life
All metal body, compact size, easy to use - and 5 megapixel quality
Ease of use, very good ergonomics, great picture quality
lots of practical features; gorgeous image; raw/tiff format; great ergonomics &amp; a real beauty
5 megapixels, pro features, triple memory card format compatibility, fast 3X zoom, 
nice little body-easy to use-quick shooting and saving
5MP, F/1.8 lens, hot shoe, Compact Flash, AA batteries, great value.
Compact size, Black in color, AA batteries, Comes with slow charger and extra batteries (1700mAh)
Does Everything a normal High Quality Camera can do..
Incredible pictures, great size, awesome features
Good Quality images, good manual features, affordable
Small size, magnesium body, professional settings, and an all-glass lens.
Best camera in all of their features.
Great flexibility, solid metal body, very fast lens.
For an Experienced Shooter takes great pictures.
Feature rich, picture quality, storage media flexibility
Flexibilities, compactness, night photo, macro, super macro mode, many settings, my mode, historgram, accessories., 
Superb image quality, bevy of features,ability to use multiple card formats
Get overall camera
Full Manual or Point&amp;Shoot, My mode, Stunning photographs, High quality, Great lens, Underwater Capability, 
Great, sharp pictures. Good Macro. Ability to manually control settings.
5MP, F/1.8 lens, controllable flash, AA batts, 3 type of memory cards, 64 ISO.
build to last, this is a picture taking machine, that is hassle free
High resolution, take 3 different media cards &amp; has a nice list of shooting modes.
Excellent picture quality, Lots of advanced features.
Great picture quality, good options, good battery choices, good media options.
5.2 Mega Pixel
awesome picture quality, endless movie capability, customized settings, pretty easy to figure out.
Ease of Use Quality 
Sharp, vivid and accurate photos. A full featured camera that can do it all.
Fast 1.8 lens, , Complete control, , 3X optical zoom, , Excellent ergonomics
picture quality (if you read my review)
good pic quality, great flash, VERY good software/menus in the camera.
Great images, excellent build quality, fast cycle time, great flexibility, multiple storage media choices.
You can use regular AA batteries to power it.
Very flexible, solid, and takes great shots.
Able to adjust washout.  Great for familys with fair skinned children 
Great camera to learn more about photography.
Smallest 10x optical zoom, USB link, outstanding quality
Great image quality, great zoom, great battery life, and great connectivity.
Great image quality, great zoom, great battery life, and great connectivity!
Great image quality, great zoom, great battery life, and great connectivity!
way ahead of the competition - this is practically a Digital SLR!
Excellent construction, loaded with features and great picture quality!
Marvelous 10x zooms lens in a tiny chassis that is easy to hold.
many features, can find it for reasonable price, great pix
10X zoom, incredible flexibility, movie mode
10X Zoom, ability to control some manual functions, image quality
Optical zoom, versatility, battery life, size and photo quality
10x Zoom, One touch White Balance, Size.
Wonderful color, small size, lots of control.
Big zoom, small, well made, electronic viewfinder and good pics
QuickTime Movie, Great picture quality
Clarity of photos, ease of use
Total zoom, simple interface
10x zoom, lots of user controls, easy on batteries
10x zoom, good high-light pictures, uses AA batteries, 
Idiot-proof, plug-n-play software, Quick Time video with sound, light-weight and compact
Quality, ease of use, zoom
10x zoom, Small size, Full manual mode, Driver-less connection
10X optical Zoom Compact Full Featured, Easy to use Good Flash. Great Buy.
Good features for the money.
quality photos, quality lens, flash adjustment, nice manual
Zoom, ease of use, zoom, digital eyepiece, did I mention zoom?
Best optical zoom for the price. Quality camera/lens. Easy to use on auto mode. 
zoom lens
8X zoom, compact size, excellent 3 megapixel images, , 
exceptionally fast shutter speed, powerful, clear 8X optical zoom &amp; long life lithium battery
1)Easy to use 2)Programing Features 3) MOTOR DRIVE!!
Great zoom, great price, great concept.  The Quicktime movies are a plus
The resolution and the colors are beautiful.  Can be used for enlargements.
Big zoom. Great features. Very easy to use. Nice shots with good colors.
Nice zoom function, good battery life
clear pictures, ease of viewing, great for a first time digital camera owner
Great optical zoom
Excellent for   prints up to 11x17 or larger
Great pictures , lots of options, 10x optical zoom!
Great Zoom.  Excellent Optical quality.
Monster 10X zoom, compact size, great battery life , , 
Great picture quality, fantastic zoom and small size
Value, preset modes, probable battery life, 10x optical zoom, printed results
Good menu selection and features
Very good zoom lens, good images in high contrast situations
10x Optical Zoom, Easy to use
Easy to shoot with and great pictures; Conveniently priced and tons of features
Almost acceptable as a Pro-Am camera
A ton of features for a light price.
10x optical zoom. Color and Quality!. FUN!
hot flash shoe, 10x, pre-set modes, size, AA batteries. 
Excellent photos, use it in the auto mode or make all your manual settings!
10X zoom, 4 megapixels, great battery life , 
10X zoom is great coupled with the 4Meg resolution.
Ultra Zoom!
Size, xD, 10X optical zoom, 4 megpix gives high quality pics, ease of use
Great Zoom capability.  Rechargeable batteries with long life.  lightweight. great customer service. XD Picture Card
10x Optical zoom, xd memory, a lot of "ad-ons" available
Durable, reliable, has the basic features I want
Rugged, good looking, nice LCD display, reasonable on batteries, smartcard media is handy
Reasonable price, good features for the money
Easy to use.  Takes decent pictures.
Well balanced shooter; convenience, easy to use   
Very easy to use, takes high quality pictures, can hold up to 64 megs.
A Great 1.2Mb Digital Camera
Great camera, excellent picture quality, and a zoom lense for close ups!
very affordable, high quality imaging
Inexpensive, compact, light, easy to use, wonderfully crisp photos!  A best buy!
Easy for beginners.
This is a very versatile camera and takes very good pictures
Great picture quality, easy to use.
Pictures are easily viewed on tv via video in cable.  
Cheap, easy to use, software included is good.  takes good 1.3 megapixel pictures. 
Superb photo quality, strong flash, high magnification level
view finder, download to a computer,
Love the image-viewing options before uploading to computer.
Cheap
Great Quality Pictures
light weight, easy to use, takes great pictures
High-quality images, low price, excellent flash, bright LCD display, excellent image capacity
Compact, easy to use, take great pictures.
Clear pictures, easy to use
cute, light weight, simple to use
Great features at an entry level price
good quality and inexpensive
Good Camera, Good Price
Great pictures, quick download to my PC (USB connector included) 
low cost, easy to use
Picture Quality
excellent quality photos
$275, Compact, Fun
Excellent pictures, great battery life, ease of use
price, auto focus, and other various features
Easy, great price, great features
Generally easy to use; great pictures
Easy to use, great photos, almost error proof!
Most widely recommended model by far
Cheap, Excellent Picture Quality
Takes superb pictures! Easy to learn to use this product.
It was not expensive and it is easy to use.
This is probably the most bang for your buck when it comes to digital cameras.
easy to use
Easy to use and takes nice pictures
excell. pictures, great night shots, low recycle time
price, quality, ease of use
User Friendly in every way
Inexpensive and easy to use!
Easy to use, great pictures
lot of features for the money
Great quality, awesome battery life, Bright LCD, Olympus name
Great quality, easy to use!
Affordable, lightweight, and reputable company
Quality images, easy to use, inexpensive
excellent clarity 
Inexpensive, high quality, features
lightweight but sturdy, quick and easy to use
price, prints, features
Great photos, good price for quality of pictures, good features
quick to get ready, great image sharpness
cheap, high quality pictures
good picture quality, simple to use,  good owners manual
great pictures, sleek looking, lots of features, inexpensive
Battery miser, good outdoor quality, nice viewfinder
Easy to lear, good resolution, inexpensive
Ease of Use, and Great Shots
Great picture quality, great price
Cheap camera with LCD
Inexpensive, sturdy, takes good pix
Excellent picture quality. 8MB card included (up to 122 photos); unbelievable price
Picture quality, ease of use, feel of camera
digital photos, lcd screen, compact size
Nice pictures, affordable price
1.3 megapix for $300, viewing window
Compact, bright crisp color photo, monitor playback
great price, easy to use, great pictures
Super Bargain, Good pic quality
picture quality, compact, quality
High quality, easy transfers
Easy to use, great clarity
Many features for a lower price
best pic quality in this class--no doubt!
Lightweight, great photos, ease of use
good quality, see pictures in an instant
easy to use, affordable, good quality digital pictures
Attached/sliding lens cover, tons of features
quick, easy, small
Easy compact and never need another roll of film
RCA Jack
low cost, good results, dependable
Great Pictures, easy to use
Price &amp;amp; ease of use
Easy to use
Takes very sharp pictures
takes great close-ups
affordable and great for the beginner
clarity, ease of use, lcd, flash
Great price, high quality
Highly recommended
Price and Quality
easy to use/affordable
Lots Of Features, Easy To Use, Great Price
Ease of use, gootd picture quality
Fantastic image quality
Price, lightweight, quality pictures. ease of use
easy to use
Photo Quality, Ease Of Use
Relatively cheap, easy to use, viewfinder+lcd screen
Excellent quality, Cool viewing moniter
Cheap, butt-simple, fine for most Web applications, good bundled software
inexpensive camera, good for first time digital camera owners
Easy to use, inexpensive, good pictures
Many manual settings, came with a set of rechargeable batteries, great pictures
Price, Ease of Use, Size, LCD Screen
A great, easy to use digital camera. The manual leaves nothing to chance.
Point and shoot, some nice quality 1.3 megapixels
Superb image quality, no mangenta/blue/red in your pics!Hi sharpness, 8M card to get started.
Good price for good quality
Can be used for mac, &amp; pc.
easy use and light weight,great picture quality
Great cheap camera
Great camera!  Easy to use and excellent photo quality!
Great picture quality. Clear and Accurate. Easy to use.
Relatively cheap, easy to use, good picture quality, Camedia software
Price&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Size&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Look
Great price, wonderful pictures
Cheap, good enough, QT movie capable, good flash, easy to use, good transfer speed
Cheap thrills, small size
easy to transfer to computer
Nice for the price, good color balance, auto white balance satisfactory in most lighting situations.
Easy to learn to use, pictures take enlargement well, adequate standard memory. &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Price, general image quality, ease of use, looks great
simple and extremely effective, great price!
easy to use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Great picture quality, extra editing features, lens cover, small size
Nice Price! Good photo Quality!
Dandy little camera. Great pictures.
incredible quality for low price, ease of use, expandable memory
Excellent Colors, sharp pictures (look like film quality), easy to use.
Very cheap for the features.  User friendly.  
Excellent pictures, great software
Easy user interface, great shot quality, flash options, USB interface, records video.
Battery Life, Can save configuration (restore off) for quick shots.
Simple to use. Great photo quality. Reliable.
very good pictures
Very good camera. Works excellent with a Mac. 
Light weight; compact; high quality pictures;
Inexpensive, durable, easy to use, quality resolution
Macro Setting, Great Price, Olympus Technology, Super High Quality (SHQ), Easy to Use Software
reasonable price; user friendly camera
Excellent Photo Quality, Low Price, Quicktime Movie Mode, USB Support, Easy To Use
takes great photos and very easy to hook up to computer
Price, picture quality, ease of use, macro mode  
2.0 Mega pixels,LCD screen,great quality photos when not zooming.
Simple to use.
great picture quality; read/write to smart media; easy; good lens cover.
Great pictures! Great price! Easy to use!
Price, ease of use, quality of photos
Great Pictures, Fixed Focal Length, Long Battery Life, Easy to Use
It gives you excellent photo quality!
Outstanding picture quality, pocket size camera, rugged design
small size,quality photos.
Size, looks, image quality
Compact, excellent picture quality
Compact, stylish, easy to use, 4 megapixels, great optics and more...
Portable, full manual controls, low light shots
Carry-everywhere size, superior resolution, no loose lens cap
4.0 Megapixel,Small Size, Lots Of Features
small size yet retains features of the C-line of Olympus Cameras
4 megapixel, small size, good quality construction, ease of use, battery.
Pocket sized, 4.1 Mega pixel, smartmedia 128M gives LOTS of pictures
Small, Light, Easy to Use, 4 Megapixel!
Compact, Sharp Hi-Rez Pictures, lots of features
small, 4 megapixels is great! lots of different features... great quality pictures. pretty durable. 
Goes anywhere, provides publication-quality pictures; great warranty service
Powerful yet simple to operate.  This is an excellent camera for more experienced photographers
small, takes AA batteries in a pinch
Great Media Camera,  no use in having a video camera with this one!!!
High Quality Pics, Small, Automatic and Manual settings
Great price, battery life, and picture quality!
Easy to use, very clear pictures, and lots of features 
Small, decent price, good pictures.
Compact, point &amp; shoot easy, 3x optical zoom lens, USB, great photos.
Ease of use, quality of photos
Gorgeous Images, USB Ready, 2.1 Megapixels, Inexpensive, Easy to use...
2.1 mega pixel, Auto flash with some extra flash features,TV out,USB,3X zoom
Good picture quality and price
Rated highly by many reviewers
Fast picturetaking, good picture quality, good feature set for price
Compact, nice zoom, sliding cover, and picture quality.
Sharp images, flawless transfers to computer, good instructions, fair price
Superb resolution quality images, good price, USB, panorama, up to ISO 400
Great images, pocketable, fast and easy to use.
Moderately priced, easy to use, portable format, great pictures
Great Pics!, up 128MB storage, excellent optical zoom, MANY extra features.  Easy USB connection
Small, 3X Optical/9X digital zoom, Quicktime Movie mode, USB, 2.1 Megapixel
Great pics, 2.1 mp, inexpensive, nice optics, easy to use, lens protected
optical zoom, nice size
Convenient size, good lens protection, great picture quality, reasonable price.
Picture, Features, Battery Life, Ease of Use, Construction
Convenient, good quality pictures, works reliably
Very nice Pictures
Value and Quality
simple, straightforward and excelent pictures
Great Pictures.  Easy to use.  Great battery life with NiMH.
Powerful camera, low cost, impressive picture results
Very Durable, easy to use, great pictures
Durable-Lightweight-Download Friendly-Easy Use Instruction Menu, 
Quality of Photos, USB!!, ease of use, Battery life (very very good) &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Size, optical zoom, photo quality, price
Point and shoot, battery life, decently sized viewing screen
Great pictures, crisp LCD display, better zoom than most 2.1's at this price
1) Good pictures, easy to use and pretty good feature set.
Great pics, easy to use.
Easy to Use
Easy to use, great lighting in dark environment, price
Easy to use, zoom, panorama
Small in size, good optics, nice picture quality.
Nice size and heft, panorama shots.
Excellent optics, great features, fast USB connection.
Good Picture Quality, Easy to use, Clear display, Good Menu format
Good prints, convenient to travel with, reliable quality.
price, 3x optical zoom, ASA-speed, panorama, vid clips
Supports 128mb Media, lightweight, compact, attractive, records 15 second AVI files, and 3x optical zoom.
Samll, Simple, Olympus quality
Price, picture quality, size
Good Pixs,Good Flash,Nice 3X lens, large memory w/64mb card
Compact, Uses AA batteries, Good Picture Quality, Inexpensive
picture quality, ease of use, clear LCD screen, compact, durable-even when wet.
easy to use; X3 optical zoom; good quality for 2.0 mega pixel cam
Durable, Great looking prints, relatively inexpensive, Good optics
size, ease of use, optical zoom, quality of photos
Cheap, small and easy to use. Delivers quality pix.
Price, Good Quality pictures
Nice Picture Quality, Easy to use software, Easy Operation
Price, size, features, easy to use and takes great pictures !
Reliable as a point and shoot camera in most conditions
Takes good pictures
Inexpensive, good pictures, light weight, inexpensive media, decent features
Great buy for under $400, excellent pictures.
Awesome for the nonprofessional everyday person
Standard batteries, good picture quality
Rugged, fast, easy to use, and excellent pictures.
Ease of use, picture quality, decent software provided.
Quality Point and shoot, Olympus lens, Tiff and panorama features
Very good image quality in most cases, easy to learn and use, competitive price.
Usually takes a decent picture without you having to think too much 
Very light and compact and has the quick turn off flash button.
Clear photos, Upgradeable memory
Excellent Price, Perfect for Beginners
Nice bright flash, easy to use, great color balance, 
light, good on batteries, nice pictures
Easiest camera in the world to use.
Price, great 3 megapixel images, Pixel mapping feature
A great point and shoot camera.  One memory card will get lots of pictures.
Dual memory slots, adujstable screen, high performance optics, stunning detail.
real SLR optics and feel, great picture quality, very film-like.
4.0 MegaPixels, 4x Zoom, Capability for SmartMedia &amp; Compact Flash.
substantial, aluminum construction, superb lens, full manual  strong flash, incredible image quality.
Quality, quality, quality
Wonderful Pictures: Fairly easy to use.
Price, pro-level features, rugged construction
Impressive detail of the image, natural color.
Great Feel.  You actually forget you are using a digital camera&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Terrific pictures
quality of build,solid,weighty,positive action of controls
4 Megapixel, Super Zoom, Cheap, Great Feature Set
A lot to like in every respect...state of the art.
Solid build, excellent ergonomics, high pixel count, solid state CFII support, many available accessories, live image preview
It's resolution!!! Wow:  2240 x 1680.n  Also the ability to copy images from one card to another while still in the camera.
Lens, construction
Fixed Lens, pretty fast, feels good, intuitive interface. 4.0 megapixel image...
Image sharpness -  ergonomy - price for value
4-megapixel matrix, looks solid, convenient modification of focal length, universality, much features
Picture quality, ergonomics, construction, controls, two media formats
Very solid camera. Seems to be quite trustworthy. Outstanding CCD and optics.
Small design, easy to use, excellent resolution, great features!
Stylish(cute), metal housing, weather proofed, great resolution
Pocket-size, weatherproof, visually cool, crisp shots
Great picture. Small and sleek.
Compact, protected lens cover
compact, VERY USER FRIENDLY, customer support
The Camera for the beginners.
small size, sleek design, battery life, intuitive user interface, USB interface.
Compact, excellent photo quality, weather proof, user friendly  , 
weather proof, perfect size, rechargeable battery
Metal case, weatherproof, solid feel
Sharp lens, battery life, rugged construction, responsive controls
easy to use, fail-proof, sleek, light
Excellent automatic operation. Macro mode works from 8 inches to infinity.
Portable size and great picture quality!
Excellent AF &amp; overall features REd eye reduction, compact, picture quality ease of use
Good picture quality
Weatherproof with excellent photo quality!
Tremendous picture quality, ease of use
Great size. Wonderful pictures
Easy to use, small, nice metal case
Small size, metal casing, weather proof
Easy to use, good quality pics, viewscreen at the back.
Easy to use, good quality pics, viewscreen at the back.
High quality and easy to use.
NOTHING!!!
quality images, good design, simple
photo quality &amp;amp; price
exceptional battery life, resolution,special effects
dependability, price, ease of use
Easy to use -Great Pictures - 
Affordable, easy to use
Price, Ease of Use
JPG file, up to 122 pics per 8 M byte card
Small, inexpensive, very good resolution, excellent battery life
Good Imagery, Ease of Use, Well-Made 
Takes great photos
price, lots of features
easy to use, great output
Great features for the price
Easy to use with good results
Very easy to use,  built in flash, auto focus.
Price, Features, Resolution
Easy to use 
Takes great pictures &amp;amp; is easy to use
Superb quality pictures. Lots of cool features. LCD screen
Cheap, good image quality
Does it all
price, lcd screen, flash
Price, features, long battery-life, high quality
Performance for the price
Sharp Image, Easy to Use, Low Price, Reputable Company
Easy to use,reasonable price range,good picture quality,viewer on camera
Great image quality, affordable, loads of features
Very easy to use.  Takes clear and vivid pictures
Just point and shoot
Not too expensive, takes decent pictures.
Easy to use; extra long life!
Inexpensive, high capacity, easy-to-use, lots of features
Excellent pictures battery life and features!
Easy to use; works great; dependable mfg.
easy to use, lcd preview/review screen, great pictures
price, robust, quality, usability
Quality,Price
Great resolution, great features, cheap compared to other cameras.
ease of use, versatility
Being able to select the recording mode, different flash modes, self timer
great quality, low cost
Quality High Resolution shots, Inexpensive
Ease of use, price,
Price, technology, quality
Super easy to use
Well designed, Well priced, Excellent capabilities
Light, sharp photos, easy to read manual.  Inexpensive.
cheap, easy to operate, more pixel for the buck
good price-great pictures
Quality, Features, Price
Easy to use, Reliable, Inexpensive
Easy to use. Lens is protected. Good quality in the pictures. The phone technical help is good too.
Price, photo quality, macro mode
can do very basic digital photography
Good Features &amp;amp; Price
Very easy to use, very smooth lcd display
Simple to use; LCD display; good picture quality
High Resolution at a low cost, small, user-friendly
price value style
photo quality is very good
Clean design, intuitive, quick to learn
Easy to use, Great quality Pictures, affordable
small, easy to use, versatile, features
Low Price, Great Picture Quality, 8mb of ram included, output jack for tv display, works and looks like a normal 35mm camera
Great options for the money
Sharp images, high quality finish, good price
convenience, ease of use, price, fun
portability, looks, ease of use, built in flash, excellent pictures
Good quality pictures, long battery life, easy to use
excellent picture quality, great price
User-friendly, Excellent Quality Photos
Great LCD, low price, compact, rugged
ease of use, quality for the price
Easy to use
Affordable
High quality, easy to use, reliable
price, performance
price, resolution and ease of op.
Good images, long lasting batteries, flash
nice looking ,light
Easy to use, great quality and great price
great picture for the money
Easy to use, good value, 
Low cost, ease of use.
great images, price
Easy to use, sturdy
beats scanning images with a scanner
good resolution and features for the price
LCD is sharp, great image quality
Excellent picture quality, easy to use, relatively inexpensive.
View screen, pocket-sized
value,  removeable storage, LCD display, good software, 
TV cable, big LCD, 
Great Camera for the Price
High resolution, low price
1.3 megapixel resolution
Great camera, very stable, crazy features.
Great images, easy use, long battery life
great image, ease to use
A LOT
Cost, resolution
Decent camera, decent price
The diskette , convenient, and many features.
Great Quality of Photos
intuitive interface
takes nice qaulity photos, easy to use
Prices and Picture Quality
Compact, Reliable, Playback monitor, clear crisp pictures
Quality, Ease Of Use, Price, Software, Battery Life
takes great pictures
Everything
Great quality at an affordable price
Remarkably High Quality for the Price
Ease of use, resolution, color
Great Camera
Ease of use, feature set, software included
Inexpensive, great picture quality, and durable.
great price for the excellent quality, ease-of-use
Beautiful Images, Ease of Use, Software
High quality images, easy to use, point-and-shoot form factor
Easy to use basic functions, large clear LCD preview, inexpensive memory modules
Small and affordable
Small, good value, point &amp;amp; shoot
FLASH PATH
Easy to use, instructions clear, great pictures.
High-quality images, easy to use
good image quality, construction
Weight, Size
Great pictures, easy to use
great pictures, small size
image quality. ease of use for basic photography
ease of use, ease of transfer to PC
High quality images, Size, ease of use
Size, resolution
Quality Photos; Ease of use; size of camera; 
Easy to use, images are nice quality
It is small and compact. It is easy to use.
Great pictures, versatile, compact, floppy adapter
Easy to use.  
great photos. zoom. easy use.
Great Quality &amp;amp; Awesome Price
Easy to use
al light conditions, small, good quality images, zoom, eliminates red eye, no more film
great pictures, easy to use, good quality, great value
Amazing Pictures, Quality, Versatility
Excellent picture quality for $299. Multi-featured.
Great Resolution, Good exposure, indoors and out. Exceptional Battery Life 
Great pictures, TV Out, LCD, Smartmedia
easy to use, good quality, good price
Great LCD, 3x zoom, comact, lightweight, and durable
low price, good picture quality, LCD display
Excellent pictures, compact size, easy to use
Easy to use and small
ease of use, clear photographs
Good Quality, Many Options
Great Macro, Nice loaded features
Easy to use, highly versatile, affordable.
Ease of use, Durability, Quality
Good quality photos, zoom, small, easy to use
Takes great pictures; many great features
 Great featuers,Easy to use, Cheap Price
Good Picture Quality / Easy to use / Small enough for your pocket
Excellent photo quality, panoramic ability, decent on battery life.
Solid,  easy to use in basic mode
Availablility to view photo's at once
Compact size, accurate optical viewfinder, integrated lens cover, bright LCD display, good flash for size/price, fast zoom, included FlashPath floppy disk adapter for SmartMedia cards
Easy to use and good fotos
quality of pictures, durability
Great picture quality and ease of use.
The photo quality adjustments are easy to make!
Good picture quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;size&amp;#13;&amp;#10;large LCD display
great pictures and LCD panel
Great low light shots
Ease of use, value
-lightweight/compact; very easy to use;excellent photo results
Awesome LCD, speed demon, low barrel distortion
Excellent regular AND zoom quality, great ease of use
Ease of use, Quality, Falling Price, Zoom
high-res, cheap, 6x zoom
Extremely easy to use, great for beginners, more options for your photos!
2x optical zoom, LCD Screen, easy to use.
Clarity, simple to use, numerous features, great product
Good pictures, set of features
fun to see how pictures look before  you print
Package, AA batteries, Small SmartMedia, LOW light!, Auto everything.
features ,Quality,Price,look,easy use....
Excellent image quality
Light weight, Small, Quality JPG pictures
Great Pictures, Easy to Download
Great quality pictures, easy to use
Small and portable
Ease of use, overall price, GREAT PICTURES
Great pictures, a lot of features, compact, good built in screen
small, easy to use
Beautiful! Affordable. Easy to use. Quality product. 
Great pictures and features for the price
Excellent camera for nearly all uses
Excellent design, easy to use, great picture quality
quality of photos, size , optical zoom,ease of use , price
picture quality, low light capable, compact size, value
Zoom, flash options, rapid shooting mode
great camera for the money
Very easy to use but lots of options for those who want to &amp;quot;fine tune&amp;quot; picture taking
bright LCD, fast startup, TIFF format, burst mode
Great picture quality for a good price
No more hassling with taking in and paying for film
Good image quality
easy to use.. light weight.. many features
great pictures, great resolution, good compression on high resolution pictures
Excellent camera for a great price!!!
Great image quality
ease of use, great optics, 3x zoom
picture
easy to follow instructions and clear pictures
Good quality images, TIFF format, Bright LCD screen
great optical zoom, works well in low light conditions, very vivid colors
Great pics, ease of use.
Excellent image quality, excellent low light images
Easy of use and quality
excellent camera, great size, GREAT pictures!
high quality pictures, looks, tons of features
picture quality, features, size
great pictures, optical zoom, lots of features
looks, works, and feels like a standard point &amp;amp; shoot
Zoom, 1.3 megapixel, Smartmedia
Storage, printing quality
Ease of use.  Instructions.  Price.
high quality photos
Great shots right out of the box
Olympus optics, zoom lens, TV connector
Takes awesome pictures; easy to use
Attractive, Easy to use, Produces fine results, Full-Featured
Quick, easy to use.
feels like a 35mm
In digital Cameras $500 is all you need!
very clear picture, easy to use
Price, zoom, ease of use, durability
low price, good quality, easy to use, long battery life
Great Image Quality; Excellent Features
everything...it takes great photos and is lightweight, inexpensive and fairly easy to learn
Good Image Quality/Excellent Value
Easy to use, zoom, built-in lens cover, screen or viewfinder, quality modes
Good picture quality, video out
great zoom, professional features
Quality and ease of use for anyone
Great photos, fast shutter, lots of options, optical zoom is great.
Good zoom. Good software. Instant viewing. Flash types. Protective cover. Self Timer. Connects to TV.
easy to use, good picture quality, 8MB card, can take a beating
Great quality, easy to use, good software, great price.
Great Camera, Nearly everything included, nice pics
Easy to use, set up, functional
Ease of use, established brand
good zoom, expandable memory is a plus, good resolution for an entry level camera 
Easy to use, great first digital camera
easy to operate, good pictures
easy to use; good price; great pictures; good software; LCD viewfinder
Easy to use, great pictures, lots of features for the price, good s/w.
Inexpensive, Zoom capability, Ease of use, Double A batteries.
Looks great, easy to use, many features
The 460/490 were among the first point and shoot digicams to impress professional photographers.
Small, point and shoot, and nice looking
Nice Design; Many Features; Good Price
easy to use, good quality photos
Easy to use, good pictures, good even for hobbyists, 
Pretty easy to use, overall good-quality pictures.
Quality, lots of options
Great picture quality, manual iso settings,does well in low light
Easy to use.  Sharp display.  Excellent results.  Full of features.
good picture quality, low price, ease of use
Great camera for the price- I'm thrilled with it.
Easy to use, Several flash modes, Lots of different settings.
Great picture quality, easy to use.
easy to use, light weight, durable, quality pictures
great pictures (for 1.3 mp), easy to use, durable
Compact and well-featured
Looks like a camera!  Easy to use, excellent results!  Nice smooth zoom.
1.3 megapixel, quality shots, easy to use, 3x zoom
Small and easy to use
No more film that I don't get developed. Instant knowledge if you got the pic
Easy to use and takes good quality pictures
Beautiful shots, picture perfect!
Very compact and light
Features, image quality, ease of use
picture quality, size and appearance
Automatic focus and exposure, solid design
quality photo's and easy to take pictures.
Compact, Very High Optical Quality
Excellent  photos and features for the price
Excellent price, quality of pics, and durable
Great pics, user-friendly
Great picture quality, compact, easy to use software included!
Small, Cheap, Fun
ease of use, quality, price
Easy to use
Relatively inexpensive, excellent pictures, lightweight, nice size
Good Quality Pictures, Nice Zoom
Portability: can easily slip it in a pocket
Compact, plenty of functions, and it doesn't break the bank.
High quality pictures, very economical, many features and great user manual.
Great Pictures / Great Price / Easy to use.
Easy to use, great digital display.  Takes great photos
Great pictures, Zoom features, protective covering on the lens.  Easy point and shoot picture taking.
Good Picture Quality, Easy To Use, Many Options
No more film, easy to use.
Easy to use, reasonably priced, produces great pictures.
Price zoom and features
Extremely easy to use, comes with almost all needed parts and cables
Easy to use, small
Excellent Pictures, No Film
Good picture quality for the price of camera.  Plenty of features.
Anyone can work with it. Its as easy as ABC. 
Great Quallity Photos, Easy to use
Ease of use. Quality pictures. Long battery life.
Easy to use, great features
Good color and sharpness. 3X Optical zoom.
quality lens &amp; pictures, available accessories, multiple functions, memory cards, resolution selections. price.
This camera is very easy to use. This is a pleasure. 
Solid performer, zoom's great, battery life is good, customizable picture taking settings are easy!
Everything, nice design, compact, easy to learn the functions,...
Loaded With Features, Great Price, Intuitive, Good Quality
3x optical zoom sharp, can take short movies, good macro ability, sharp pictures
light, small, great pictures, great zoom
Camera Cheap for functions provided, optical and digital zoom. Great pics
Excellent image quality, loaded with features, and easy to use for basic photography.
Great pic quality, lots of features and small enough for a pocket, very durable
Sharp optics.  Easy to use.
Good quality pictures
Great close ups, TIFF mode, easy to use.
Olympus name, nice size LCD, Plentiful options.
Affordable, easy interface, acceptable picture quality.
Small and easy to use...great picture taker
Great pictures, easy to use
good quality, good price
good
Easy viewing and editing
3x optical zoom
many features
Reliable, Great Pictures, Easy to Use, Speed is Fast, Great SIZE (Very Small)
Integrated lens cover protects and can't get lost
2.1 megapixel, good optics; comes with 8 meg cart
great photos, easy to use, stylish look, established brand name 
Dozens of features, competitive price, SmartMedia capability, a camera for every environment!
Viewfinder (saves batteries), simple graphic menus.
Easy to use, good pictures, nice zoom
Easy to use with one had or two
Excellent Quality Pictures, Smart Design, Extremely Easy to Use
Ease of use, small size and reliability
Easy to use, great results...a perfect first digital camera
excellent photos better then the sony cybershot; both eye piece and preview window
Great Pictures, awesome color and very versatile
Excellent image quality, easy to use, stylish design
high picture quality, protected lens (barrel and cover)
good zoom, easy to use
Great pics, no waste.
High Quality OPTICAL 3X Zoom, Superb Image Quality, Very Kind on Batteries
Small, point and shoot and nice looking
Very User Friendly, Lightweight, yet durable &amp;amp; excellent picture quality.
Compact, takes great photos
Quality, ease of use, zoom
easy to use,
Great picture quality, nice look and features
none
All the manual features needed and more
Nice pictures, fairly easy-to-navigate menus, flexibility
Optical zoom, picture quality, ease of use
ease of use
Reasonable price / great quality / nice features!
Moive Mode, 3x Zoom
Features for the price
Built well, takes great pics, easy to use, a lot of options, instructions are easy to under stand and great internet support by Olympus on answering questions.
3x optical, 2.5 digital zoom, many manual adjustments in addition to auto, compact size, ease of operation
Ease of use, quality of photos, more than adequate software
Quality photos and true colors 
Excellent picture quality, lots of features
Feature rich, great quality, simple design.
Picture Quality, Excellent Lens, Excellent Documentation
easy to use,small,excellent pictures
Inexpensive, accurate, dependable, convenient shooting/viewing, numerous useful features, high-quality shots.
Operates adequately as a point and shoot.
Easy to use, even with little knowledge of digital cameras; clear, quality pictures
Beautiful Optics, Nice Design, Cheap Media, Uncompressed TIFF Mode.
Excellent picture quality
Feature packed and fun to use
Great picture quality, easy to use and many features
CAMERA ZONE, CAMERA SOUND, COMPDIRECT and DISCOVERY CAMERA Advertise low prices they do not honor!
takes great pictures, usb smart card reader is now a free rebate item with purchase.
Price, features, Great for quick shots, Optical and digital zooms
Quality of Photos, USB!!, ease of use, Battery life
Good macro photos
Easy to use, great photo quality
great pictures, compact, stylish
Awsome Photo Quality 
Excellent image quality
Excellent overall package &amp;amp; features!
clarity and resolution, video output, 
SLR, Zoom Lens, Spot metering, exposure compensation,tripod mount, self timer
glass lens, superior color and resolution
Light, Easy to Use, Great Quality
Great resolution, versatile, zoom capability
easy to use, comfortable to use, through the lins focusing, customer service, upgrade policy.
Good optics, good transfer to PC, good feel in the hand
Great look and feel like a quality 35mm camera.
Good quality pictures, easy to use
good pictures
Good deal
Easy to use!!!!!!!!
quality
Wonderful stills, good resolution, simplicity of use
sturdy, easy to use camera
Looks like a camera
Easy to use, great pictures, simple directions, download is not quick and easy, works like a regular camera when taking photos
Quality of photos, size of camera, and yes, price!
Ease of use and image quality
Good photo quality and color accuracy, threaded for converter lenses, solid construction
Res. Auto Focus. SLR.
Great picture quality
SLR, great image quality
Best pictures ever taken..
If you  know how, it will take beautiful pictures
good flash, good detail/sharpness, low noise
Easy to use, lightweight, powerful
Good pictures
Very good quality
Great Picture Quality
Easy to use; sharp picture quality; very good optics
SLR
- Compression free images - Quality Olympus lens
Excellent picture quality.
Great image resolution and some ability to manipulate
Easy to use.  Excellent photographs. Light, sleek, sexy.
Good picture quality, excellent computer software, a lot of options
SLR viewing, spot metering, multiple exposure options.
great features, ease of use, maximum picture storage
Does not resemble a 35mm camera
Great Storage Capacity, Easy USB Setup, Weight And Feel Of An SLR.
Rechargeable Battery, Easy to use, super disk drive
Loaded with features. Supper easy to use.
great photo quality, lcd viewfinder, movie/sound recording, easy to use
3.5 and SuperDisk, Records Audio
storage media and accessories
LCD screen
Easy-to-use; Great pic quality; &amp;quot;SuperCool&amp;quot; technology for instant gratification
Storage capacity, features, service
Large grip for bigger hands, able to record video clips
Flexible, Rugged, BIG Memory Capability
Well designed
Yes
feels like a normal camera, 3.5&amp;quot; disc storage, high resolution, free zip drive
Massive storage capability.  Good battery life.  Multiple burst image is a nice feature
Nice styling.
Big basket, large wheels, not much else.
Great looking, Sporty feel and solid build, seems durable, big basket, rain cover, big wheels.
Great looking stroller that works great!
Works well with Peg Perego strollers, strap to tighten in the baby works well
attaches to most Perego strollers, 5-point harness, nice upholstery, light-weight
Handles beautifully, lighter than most full-size strollers
Style,Lightweight,FoldsCompactly, EXECELLENT LATCH CAR SEAT SYSTEM,Stable
The stroller is a perfect size. Comes with rain cover, reclines, etc.
5-point harness, spill resistant fabrics, great wheels
Nice looking, nice fabric
Nice colors, safe car seat
Durability, full suspension, reclining seats, easy to push, smooth ride
Great stroller, comfortable, will last
Seats removable for storage / transport, Seats interchangable, Carseat compatible
Superior handling, comfort, quality
seats can face each other, both seats recline
Durable, versatile, easy set-up and dismantle, maintains its value
Class leading versatility in seating configurations.  High quality design, construction and comfort.
Everything
many pros.,wheels,both babies can lie down,play with each other and more.
looks nice, easy to maneuver, different seating positions
big enough for a six year old and a six-pack
large seating area, lots of leg room, moveable seats, easy steering,  large wheels make it easy to go through stuff
Sturdy seats may face forward, backward,or toward each other; 5-point harness; easy brake; maneuverability
Uncomfortable for Babies
Sturdy, roomy, easy to use.
A good solid stroller that your baby will be safe and comfortable in
easy to fold and unfold, comfortable, great features like reversible handle
The Cadillac of strollers, can change which way baby faces, great wheels for comfortable ride
Cushy, classy, comfortable 
Beautiful and luxurious.  Very, very comfortable and spacious for baby.
Fully reclines, large seating area, soft fabric...well known name.
stylish, reversible handle, easy to fold
beautiful, smooth ride, roomy for the baby, good storage, blocks sun and wind well, can be opened with one hand, reversible handlebar, can be used for newborns to 3 years old.
sturdy construction
Very beautiful stroller, bunting cover is a great accessory
carriage and stroller very comfortable for baby
easy to use, easy to clean, rides smoothly,
Solid construction, attractive styling, easy-to-use
east open, easy close
Beautiful, easy to compact
reclines fully, adjustable wheels and handle direction
I feel the baby is safe, it's easy to use, and comfortable for baby
It is very comfortable for the child.
Converts from traditional "baby carriage" to stroller, full boot for winter, very plush
good cover, reclines all the way down, nice leg extension
LOADED with many pleasing features AND it's BEAUTIFUL!
People think you're a "big shot" with this luxury baby item.
Very comfortable
easy storage, portable, looks
Construction, stability, size, appearance, versatility
full recline, reversible handle bar, spacious for baby
Comfy for the kiddies
Great for newborns, very sturdy
Lightweight &amp;amp; Easy to Close
Top of the Line - Will Last Forever
Extremely sturdy and will last forever
Many features including conversion from stroller to carriage, seat that can lie back all the way flat, and option to have child facing towards or away from you.
attractive
easy to operate
love every bit of the stroller
looks
Lightweight, Easy to use!
easy to use, easy to maneuver, smooth ride 
Positions, Beauty, Functions
sturdy, light, attractive
easy to manuever,  folds easily, attractive
very roomy, long lasting
Very sturdy, easy to &amp;quot;pilot&amp;quot;, comfy
beauty, ease of use, safety
Luxurious, sturdy, safe
Comfy, sturdy, wears well
High quality, versatile, comfy for baby
Quality and Durability
strong, beautiful,easy  to handle
none really.... I think its a 'status' thing for parents to buy one of these
Great ride, reversible handle, good storage space, front and rear wheels lock, etc.
solid, very attractive, handles well
pushes very nicely, beautiful, 5-point safety harness, full boot
many convenient features
sturdiness, comfort, easy to push, beautiful exterior
Holds 80 lbs., adjustable handle, rubber wheels swivel and lock
Easy to use
Can be used with infant seat, accommodate footboard passenger, and much, much more!
Lightweight, durable and handsome!
looks, comfort of baby, reclining ability
Looks, comfort for baby, name
Easy to use!!!
many features, looks fancy
Folds up so small!  Rain and sun umbrella!! Stands upright.
Light weight, quality, knobby wheels, comfortable and easy to use
Folds up compactly, Durable, Well Made, Canopy pulls all the way forward.
Lightweight,stylish &amp; lots conveniences 
Wonderful, sturdy, long lasting system
Lots of options
Roomy, nice high handles, 5 point harness, BIG canopy
Fun Color (Sunscapes); Large Canopy; Rear step for a toddler; Perego Quality
Small when folded, rear step for older child
attractive, large bonnet; comfortable
lightweight, easy to maneuver, durable
Quality construction, fully-reclining seat
Light-weight, handles rough terrain easily, fits infants and toddlers, stores well.
5-point harness; stands upright when folded; canopy; attached rain cover
Tough and well designed, it folds up so small
Roomy for child and reclines to different positions.  Folds to convenient size.  
Turns easily, stable, comfortable, rugged, reliable.
Good looking; easy to open and close; easy to maneuver in tight spaces
Rear footboard, folds up small, comfy for both kids, adjustable handles, sturdy but light
lightweight, sturdy, removable front bar, back stand bar, full featured
Compact, light, durable and its a Peg Perego...
Lightweight, durable, comfortable, unfolds quickly
Lightweight, reclines, can transport an older child on the back, durable.
sturdy, back footrest
Lightweight, durable, compact
easy navigation, seat fully reclines
sturdy, handles very well, easy to fold up, fully reclinable, stylish.
great wheels, price, and comfort
lightweight, durable, brand name
Sturdy, easy to use, great features for dollar, most likely, the stroller you will grab and use
 Very good quality, strong, good looking
water repellent canopy
Fabric is durable, stroller is lightweight and folds nicely
Quality, attractive
Convenience and Durability
Compact and Lightweight
compact
lightweight, durable and cost effective
more durable than most umbrella strollers, fully washable, comfortable for kids, fairly priced.
Very quality stroller
I have the 2001 Trek Pliko and it is GREAT!
very comfortable, easy to fold up, a dream to push, fully reclines, stylish!
Stylish, compact folding stroller
Folds really small, easy to manouver and looks great.
Has an awesome safety belt.
adorable well padded seat, very large waterproof hood, rain bubble, padded bumper bar, good tires
Nice fabric and canopy. Very durable
built-in rain cover, reclines, adjustable handles, free standing, removable front bumper bar, basket, sharp-looking
Very lightweight yet sturdy.  Folds up like an umbrella stroller.  Good for tall parents.
great fabrics, easy to open &amp; close
colors, washable seating, dual wheels in front and back, full recline
5 point harness, adjustable handles, compact, light, versatile, durable.
Gorgeous fabric, free-standing once folded, generous hood, easy use, lightweight &amp; compact while luxurious.
Beautiful cover, sturdy-well made, reclines, car seat compatible, most everything!
Large canopy, built in rain cover, ample padding, stores compactly
The 2003 version has all the bells and whistles with one major exception.
Lightweight and strong&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Folds up small&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to use carry handle&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to fold up
lightweight and compact, sturdy construction and comfortable
Lightweight, free standing when folded.  Super comfy!
Ease of operation and handling.
Relatively lightweight for a double stroller. Ease of use. Comfortable for the kids.
Light weight, well padded, very roomy, beautiful fabric...
Handles well, attractive, both seats recline (although not fully), light compared to other doubles
Well built, easy to turn and fold, Attractive.
top quality European stroller, comfortable and plush, easy to control, 
Well, it does hold 2 kids....
well made, light, smooth, stylish, one of so few strollers to hold any resale value
easy to use
Easy to steer - Very lightweight!
everything
roomy, great fabric
Holds up well to lots of kids
Tandem Stroller with high quality materials
The Cadallac of strollers!  A great ride, easy to use, excellent turning radius, high handle bar, will hold resale value.
An excellent stroller
Easy to collapse, Large front seat.
Holds up to ALOT!
A fabulous stroller for 2 either close in age or varying ages!!!!
Sturdy, quality construction, easy to maneuver.
Light for a double stroller.  Comfy, well-padded seats.  Easy to steer.
weight, movability
light, easy open &amp;amp; close, durable, nice looking, convenient
Easy to open and close, Basket comes off
Very light and easy to use
easy to navigate, quality construction
lightweight, easy to maneuver, cleans up great
none compared to similar products
comfortable, cleans up nicely
Easy to use
large seats, lightweight, easy to push/steer
nice look, durable,big canopies for both,easy fold up
Easy to operate, folds flat, lightweight at 24 lbs.
great looking, space saver and very convenient as well as good comfort for the little ones
Not very heavy
easy to turn, open and close, and light weight
High quality materials, durable, easy to push, roomy, baby is completely enclosed in rear seat
lightweight, easy to maneuver, attractive to look at
A versatile, reliable, and durable stroller with great style
durability and comfort
Durable, safe, good sun/rain/wind protection, cargo hooks
Lots of space, holds more weight than the others, removable basket underneath, easy to use, excellent customer service and quality.
Baby's are pretty heavy. You don't have to carry them.
none
Great stroller
Ease of storage, Ease to maneuver
none
Great stroller!  Compact and durable!
Can't think of one
rear seat reclines all the way down, great construction, very sturdy
Very lightweight, reversible handle, can take you from newborn years through toddler
all wheels swivel, unfols completely horizontally, easiest to unfold with one hand (a must)
Handle switches front to back.
3-position recline, can be forward or rear facing, easy to maneuver, big hood  
flexible - use as a stroller or carriage, solid and sturdy, warm with boot
Has held up well, very roomy, great ride, and doesn't squeak!
Solid construction. Able to switch handle to face child or child to face forward
Carriage style for baby and Stroller style for toddler, comfortable
Easy to steer,reversible handle, easy to fold down, lightweight.
Reversible handlebar, big air filled shock absorbing wheels, and converts to carriage.
Easy to fold/unfold.  Appropriate for newborn infants to toddlers.  Stylish.  Roomy. High Quality
reversible handle, stylish, washable cover.
Transforms from newborn to toddler, all in one stroller.
Flat bed floor under 5 month old.
study, reversible handle, adjustable back, looks
Comfortable, and luxurious
It can't be beat
the look of it, the weight
Good from newborn to toddler; high quality materials
Ajudstable Seat And top brakes on the wheels, Pocket for stuff, Folds
reversible handle, 4 locking wheels, bootie for cold weather
strong, light, easy handling
Lightweight, easy to use, versatile, well-built, reversible handle
Lightweight, sturdy, easy to handle
light, looks nice, many adjustments may be made to suit particular needs
lightweight, adjustable handle bar, durable fabric   
lightweight, durability, easily closes and opens, comfortable, attractive, many nice features
Everything...it's quality, sturdy and lightweight
converts to carraige
Reversible handle, canopy, boot feature
stable, smooth, many nice features
none
Lightweight, durable, plush fabric, smooth suspension; reversible handle bar; fully reclining seat
Classy looking, nice fabric patterns, big canopy, reversible handle
Easy to push, Not too heavy
Sturdy, swivel handle, easy fold up.....
Folds easily, reversible, smooth ride, great colors!
Fine fabric,good fold, good cover
Goes anywhere and is so easy to use
Great zoom, amazing battery, easy interface, lots of features.
Ease of use, stylish design, easy to use buttons, excellent zoom and macro
Small, great zoom for a tiny digital. Clarity is amazing.
Excellent set of features! Battery life. Small size. Flexibility.
Intuitive design, millions of features, superb quality, VERY compact design.
Solid body, the option to go fully manual and great pictures!
Great Photos either autofocus or manual/settings choices. Easy to navigate menu.
The battery lasted approximately 2 weeks! Small size.
Size, battery life, ease of use.
Ultra-compact, stunning picture quality, loaded with features
Size &amp; weight are astounding. Has most "big camera" features at affordable prices.
quality in a tiny package, looks, ease of use, 
Size!, three megapixels, 3X optical zoom, some manual features, WOW factor, more!
compact size, impressive battery life, excellent zoom lens
Size, Style, features
size, "cool" factor, lcd
Size, 3x Optical Zoom, 3.2MP... did I say size?
Ultra-compact, 3 megapixels, 3X optical zoom, incredible feature set,  11 MBs of internal memory , 
Fantastic balance of portability, photo quality, battery life and capacity (with 256 MB SD card)
Take Anywhere Size with full features
size picture quality good if not using zoom
Size makes it easy to have with you always.
Convenient size. Nice macro abilities. Good battery power.
Extremely small &amp; lightweight - , Intuitive user interface &amp; button layout - , Fair picture quality
Great Price &amp; takes ordinary batteries
Cheap
Honestly none!
Inexpensive and light weight.
Fast - Light - Cheap - Self Repeating
Uses a standard 9-volt battery, simple one-button functionality, auto-timer, inexpensive
Cheap and easy to use.
Lightweight, decent photos, fun to use, good software.
Cheap
None
inexpensive, compact, nice pictures for use on the web, easy to use
CAN YOU BELIEVE THIS PRICE? EVERYONE CAN GO DIGITAL WITH THIS!
It is easy, lightweight, and what a great price!
Easy to use, Excellent price, delivers on promises.
Inexpensive. Easy to use. Good software included. Long Battery Life. Decent Images.
cheap, handy, good entry to digital pics
Great low price, lightweight, and all the programming included
Strong case, Flash, Easy to use, good software
Inexpensive
cheap digital camera.  expensive camera overall however.
Easy to use, good price for beginners.
Great features, flash, LCD display, 
review window, flash, ease of use
*very* inexpensive digital camera. Nice for the price.  
Many features, Easy to use!
Cheap
LCD Display, Flash, Software is easy to use
Price, ease of use
Cheap, great pictures for price, Very fast, 
It's a cheap way to have digital fun
Decent picture quality for a inexpensive camera
Easy to use,has expandable memory, good software
Cheap - Lots of features for the price
Hi resolution, easy to use, great price.
Great pictures, price
image quality, macro performance
Great Price, packed with features
Price, ability to take photo's no matter where you are.
Price, AA Batteries, ease of use, decent picture quality 
Low cost, excellent macro lens, fairly intuitive design for easy use
Easy to use
Hi Resolution, low price, great macro
Price, resolution, macro lense, ability to take photos in low-light
Outstanding color reproduction.
2MB MEM, flash, LCD display
Inexpensive, Easy to Use
Great soft ware!
Low Cost, Complete &amp;amp; Easy to Use
Low price, ease of use, high &amp;quot;bang for the buck&amp;quot;
It has everything!
Easy to use, makes good photographs.
Quality of picture
Great for the price. Easy to use.  
Price, ease of use(camera), number of stored images,no developing cost or wait time, great for beginners, and everything you need to get started is included.
Easy to use
Simple, lifelike
price, features, inclusions, size and weight, ability to use a tripod
Easy for beginners to use
Easy to use
easy to use, great pictures, complete with cables and software
easy to use 
It has a great program for printing your pictures.It is easy to use.It takes just minutes to upload your pictures and begin printing them out.
nice ergonomics, convenient
EASY TO USE, AND GOOD QUALITY PICTURES
easy to handle, use, good for emailing pictures.
Easy to use, computer compatibility
Ease in downloading pics.
Cheap.  Unlike disposables, you get what is in the frame.
affordable, good quality, and easy to use!  Fun for the whole family!
Polaroid PDC640 is a great first digital camera.
light, easy to use, inexpensive,
cheap camera
At, Wal-Mart for 99.99, the best price I could find for the features offered.
Good pictures for the low cost, very easy to transfer pictures to PC
By far easiest to use; camera &amp; software of any Digitals on the market
Inexpensive (under $100), LCD display, 8 mb storage, multiple picture quality, and more
everything you need to get started is in the box
Easy to use, cheap, decent display
None
Fun, nice software, takes decent pics for the price
Affordable &amp; Easy to use.  I still recommend two years later.
Inexpensive, userfriendly software, comes with good software for categorizing pics.
Ease of use, inexpensive, all accessories included, a good first digital camera.
easy to use, low cost
Easy to Use;, Comes with cords and software
Easy to use, good picture quality
Learned what to avoid in my next digital camera purchase.
Point &amp; Shoot.  Good Beginner camera
Very user friendly, almost no learning time required.
clear crisp pictures, easy to transfer, rugged, view finder.
Easy to use - good first camera
ease of use
Price, good software package, easy-to-use features, good quality photos
Ease of use, size, price
exceptionally easy to use, accessories are easy to find
price and quality
Easy to use
nice pictures for an affordable price
Great Price on the PDC-640 Right Now.
Easy to use
Inexpensive, easy, great photos
Clean and clear pics w/ good options
Great pictures, low price, LCD screen
GREAT price, GREAT pictures
everything in one kit; easy to use; decent photo quality for inexpensive camera
0
Fantastic quality pictures
Good Price
value/results
LOVE THE CLARITY AND THE COLOR &amp;amp; SO EASY TO USE!
easy to use and great quality pictures
Inexpensive, fairly easy to take a picture
Digital, affordable, small, reliable
Easy to use, solid construction, good quality pix, fun to use
easy to use, removable/ replaceable memory card, LCD screen...
Easy to use and learn, nice features for a great price.
cheaper price than some
EASE OF USE
Provides professional quality photographs
Good first buy camera, for unexpected photos
Easy to use, affordable
Good First time Digital Camera
affordable, easy to use, takes nice pictures
it just as good any others out there
good price, simple to use
easy to use, review/preview options, easy to download
easy to use, good value, reasonable quality
Great name brand camera for a good price
Price, ease of use, AC adapter
price, versatility
Price, ease of use
Easy to use
Usability
Easy to learn
convenient, user- friendly, great price
Price &amp;amp; easy to use
Costs
The only negative side to this camera that I see, is that it has no zoom capability.  
Price, Quality, Ease of use, Features.
easy to use
Easy to operate, beautiful photos and editing bonus.
Works great with many programs, gives you instant results (no waiting for development), and very easy to use.
Price - ease of use - compatibility
Very Easy to Use.
Able to delete and retake pictures instantly
easy to use
Very easy to use
good price,great camera
Easy to use. 
Excellent Quality Pictures
simple, takes clear pictures while moving
Very user friendly, nice size, nice software, easy setup.
Ease of use, nice pictures
Inexpensive and takes low quality pictures good enough for the web and e-mail.
light weight, easy to use
quality pictures for the price
It takes pictures, easy to use
Polaroid reputation, price
easy to use, takes decent pictures
best price, simple
picture quality, ease of use
EASY TO USE
easy to use, quality pictures, affordable
Take's Excellent Picture's
Easy to use.
Easy To Use 
Light, easy to use and excellent technical help.
affordable, easy to use, great pictures, 3 flash settings,quality company
good action pics.
price, ease, disk adapter, easy to use
easy to use, great quality, lightweight, affordable
Great Pictures,  User Friendly
Price, ease of use
easy to use, price
Easy to use. Software is simple, uncomplicated
good money value
Great price
Affordable, Easy-to-use, Great Quality
Easy to use, dependable, inexpensive
Easy to operate, floppy adapter saves on batteries
Everything!
Great for emailing instant photos to friends
Easy to  use and to install on your PC
Easy, fun, inexpensive!
Easy to Use, Affordable, Great looking pictures
Affordable
Wide view screen easy transfer 
great picture  quality
Cheap and easy to use
Good Solid Camera for everyone.
Cost and quality
Uses SmartMedia memory, price ($180), customer service
price
easy to use, great quality photos, reasonably priced
Great software, great picture quality
user Friendly, very reasonable price
Easy to use
good photos, easy to use, extra accessories, good price
A Great Camera
small
good quality pictures, low price
Picture Quality, Ease of Use,  Low Cost
easy to operate
Good picture quality
very easy to use
great price,good quality
price, easy to use, features, size
Very Very Good Camera
looks, quality, software
Affordable, clear pictures.
easy to use both camera and software, good quality images, economical 
Cheap, easy picture transfer
Affordable, fun, and easy
Fair price, good software, good photo quality.
Good quality pictures and you can take a lot of them
Quality, Value, Features
Very easy to use, no special/expensive equipment/software required
Ease of use
Reasonable cost; easy to use; everything included in kit; Polaroid name; whole family can use; autoflash &amp;amp; self timer are nice features; can delete pictures immediately if you do not want to keep them; no film cost anymore; no waiting to see pictures
Easy to use and set up; economical; idiot-proof
takes great pictures
Cheap, decent quality pictures for casual use. Easy to use. 1.8" LCD display
low cost, high features, fun
Cost
Fair price, picture viewer
Easy to use, good quality pictures
great value, good design, clear pictures, nice preview screen
Ease of use
This camera cost less than the 640 and hold way more pictures
clear photos
Love affair lasted only a year.
Very effective and compact
easy to use,LCD,Good quality,Price,stylish
LCD has bugs,no satisfaction
Ease of use, cheap fun
excellent pictures for a 640
Point and Shoot
Very reliable!!!
good quality, inexpensive , lcd screen
easy to use,cheap, everything needed was included in the kit
Easy to use for beginners, inexpensive
Easy to use, Good Quality Pictures, Good Storage Capacity
Good Bargain, Pretty Good Pictures
Easy to use,  takes great pics, lightweight
very easy to use
inexpensive, easy to use
Great image quality, stylish design, price.
Good Camera
Cheap
Easy to use,  convenient
Very easy to use, good quality pictures, LCD screen
Very Durable, Best for Simple Home use. Comes with everything you need
Very well priced.  Great for average user.
Easy to use, relatively inexpensive, nice first digital camera
holds lots of pictures 
1.8" LCD; inexpensive; video output to TV
Easy to use and understand functions
Low prices, nice features, all accessories included
Inexpensive, easy to use, lightweight, good quality photos for email and web.
Easy to use, Idiot Proof, and a great deal!
very easy to use and everything came in one kit 
Good pictures. Nice feel and design.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Inexpensive, easy to use, decent image quality
Price 
Price, ease of use, design
Adjustable settings allow better quality or more pictures, whichever you prefer!
Great Camera, LCD is clear!
Built in memory, nice case, decent size view LCD screen.
Small, lightweight, easy to use. a good beginner camera.
Light weight, portable, nice pictures and A+ customer service.
LCD Screen, USB &amp; TV Out, Easy Install, Auto Flash 
Good features for a low price
Great little camera for the price. Extremely easy to use.
Good Image Quality, Expandable Memory, Easy to use
Great photo quality, Easy to install, Easy to use, VERY Durable!
Easy to use
Will fit in your purse
inexpensive, takes great pictures
Perfect size, easy to use, affordable, good software
Very mobile, great quality for price!!!
My first love....uh, in digital cameras, that is!
Small size, good resolution, USB connector.
Very easy to use
Good inexpensive camera.
Reliability,picture quality,easy to read manual and well organized tech support
Low price, camera features
Comes with all the accessories to make it work out of the box.
easy to use
Great Price, Good Pictures
small, good picture quality, added memory capabilities
Inexpensive/Fairly easy to operate/Informative help on-line
cost,, size, ease of use
easy to use, price, features
Price - what a bargain, Extremely easy to use
Inexpensive/Easy to use
Low price
Easy to Use, Software &amp;amp; Hardware
A lot of memory
great item,great price.
Too many to list!
Very easy to use
Cheap Price for what you get
great quality, easy to use
PRICE, sleek expensive looking design, included software, cables, memory card, and camera case, image quality.
Takes great pictures. Pretty inexpensive
inexpensive, user friendly, resolution vs. price
Great deal; under priced; small/durable; good size LCD
Pretty much everything especially LCD, Storage, Picture Quality, and Price
lightweight; compact
very easy to work
Low Price
Great pictures!
Quality digital pictures, easy use, many features, great value
Great picture quality, easy to use, color lcd screen
Great Camera, and Great quality
size, looks
easy to use , lightweight 
The Camera is cheap
inexpensive, easy to use
Cheap price, software is easy to use
nice photos, software works well
Color LCD screen, light, comes with 2 software
Ease of use, image quality, compact convenient design
Price, Picture Quality, Simplicity
Nice quality, advanced functions, real-time TV output, easy to work with.
I don't have to send my film off to have them developed
Good price, Good Quality
Easily upgradable, excellent customer support
Low cost, ease of software use, compact
Too Many to list see review
I love it
easy, point and shoot, good quality pictures
Great pictures, great price
Relatively simple to use, accepts standard memory upgrades
good picture quality, small
More Pixels to Pesos
Price, Ease of use, full-featured software package, USB support
good photos, ease of usage
Simple to use, Compact size, Works with Windows 98,99
Easy to use, fits easily anywhere, great software, USB
Takes Excellent pictures.
good if you just want to put pictures on the internet. 
Great quality, expandable memory, lots of accessories.
Expandable memory card slot, print-quality resolution
Small and pretty easy to use.  Extras not found on cheap cameras.
Works Well In Average Light Rooms.
Easy, Fun, Great Pics
Tiny, USB, relatively cheap
Price, fast uploading, size, TV viewing, flash 
easy to use, no hassle with loading film,can view pictures on your tv
No more photomats, lightweight, hooks directly to TV for instant images
Light, easy to use
Inexpensive, easily hooks up to the television for viewing
battery life, cost, included cables and AC Adapter, RCA video-out signal
Great camera for the price and size!
Great affordable camera
Inexpensive, small, good for ebay
Cheap, Easy 
Low cost, good battery life, easy to use
It won't cost much to get you started.  Maybe 50 to 60 bucks.
Cheap price, handling, Pc and MAC compatible, flash.
very cheap, light, small
Very cheap, decent quality, flash
Standard AA batteries, USB and build-in flash
The price I guess, after having checked at a couple of stores.
price USB connection holds 32 exp tv cable included
It's cheap
Good size, cheap price, nice interface
Inexpensive, Quicker if not better than scanning pictures
Its definitely cheap and compact enough to keep some money in your wallet but...
Great price, USB Ready, Great for Fun, Just point and shoot!
Price &amp; Size.
cheap, you don't really need a photoshop to make these pics look funny
Durability Poor Design
easy to use,brand name we all know,best for price
easy to use, awesome pictures, reasonably priced
Easy to use, nice software package.Takes great pics.
Very good image quality for the money (we received a $100 rebate)
Over all a great camera
It takes about 20 quality pictures
This is a great camera
Excellent resolution and prints
Easy to Use - Many Functions
PRICED RIGHT
Great pictures, easy to use, many features, attractive styling
Extremely easy to use, nice packaging and feel, lots of everyday use features.
3X optical Zoom, 4X digital ZOom
Ease of use, Sturdy Design
Good quality pictures, includes features like video out (nice for slide-shows) and ac power.
Easy to use.
Good features for the price
easy to scroll through pictures
Absolutely NONE
low price
Good Battery Life
A/C adapter included, optical zoom, battery life, serial and USB included
Light for the quality
Good pictures.
Easy to use.
It takes good detailed pictures if it does not break first.
How could I possibly say anything good about this camera.  It never worked long enough.
Easy to install software.
Inexpensive way to take digital photos
Inexpensive, relatively easy to use.
Price, 640X480 mode good
Cheap and easy to use. Decent quality for the price.
Cheap, Light weight
Inexpensive.  Good value for the money, IF you don't expect the best.
Cheapest on the market. Does work for small needs.
Inexpensive
Has an AC Adapter
Cheap, Light
Great Price, Reasonable Cost, Easy to Use
decent pictures, good to send on web
Easy To Use
Cheap, simple to operate, decent flash
Inexpensive
Good picture quality, inexpensive
Great Camera, excellent pictures
inexpensive, fun, easy
price
Inexpensive for the novice
Easy, light-weight, great pictures for little money.
ease of use, picture quality
Price, lightweight
far cheaper than lots of film and developing
cheap, easy to use
Inexpensive, easy to use
Cheap Price, Lightness
price and quality of pictures
Ease of use.
good enough for the basics... cheap.
cheap and easy
good camera for the price, can get 4 meg memory sticks for it
Power full Camera!
good gift for someone you hate
Price and Weight
Small initial cost      Instant photos
Excellent pictures and easy to use.
Inexpensive, easy-to-use, functional
relatively cheap, automatically shuts off it you forget to turn it off.  Good picture size
Cheap, Easy to use, acceptable quality
As of June 2001, these digital cameras are under $40
Ease of use, LCD viewfinder
easy to use-great pics
easy to use
small easy to carry around
Good camera....
Affordable, easy and fun, with great quality pictures
Easy to learn to use
light, cheap, macro shots, 
Easy to use, crisp pics
Easy to use, Cheap camera for beginners
price, resolution, zoom
Great pictures, easy to use, macro and zoom
-rotating lens, zoom, varying resolution settings
features, zoom, resolution
Great resolutions, Self timer
cheap, affordable, decent images
ease of use, compact size, price
Great features
An incredible camera at a great price with many features.
Superb physical design. Easy to use.  Terrific features.
High resolution and optical zoom features
High Resolution and very easy to use
Great Photos
Pictures require no color correction, looks and feels like an SLR, easy to use
EXCELLENT OPTICS
good picture, erase the bad photos
Many great features for such a low price
Well built and thought out.
Easy to Use, Fantastic Image Quality
Good Resolution, 3x zoom, 
Great resolution, super macro feature, Easy to use
Small size, Ease of use.  Takes excellent pictures.
Inexpensive, ideal digi-camera for first use, pleasing results
Unexpensive, easy use, sharp daylight pictures
small, simple, cheap
Great picture quality - Low priced!
Size, Weight, Simple to use, 
Smaller, Inexpensive, Easy to use
Extemely small, carry it everywhere, Inexpensive, Good quality images (1024x768)
Small size.  Easy to use.  Use of Smartmedia cards for photo storage.
12PPM, USB, low price, nice software features.
Affordable Laser Printing
Incredible value, black text print quality.
Great inexpensive laser printing.
Fast, 8mb memory, Toner Saver and Energy Star Compliant, Low Noise Level
Price, reliability, toner save feature, great workmanship
Great text quality
Low price, USB compatible, small size, fast printing, low noise standby
Low price, toner saver, compact sizem reprint button
Great print quality, fast printing (once it gets warmed up and going)
Solid software/drivers; very very fast
Excellent text printing, longlasting toner, no paper jams ever, small footprint, separate envelope feeder
Fast, Super high quality printing, rock solid, cheap.
cheap, fast, reliable, laser
Affordable, , Compact,, Fast,, Excellent Print Quality,, Toner Saver feature,, USB/Parallel Interface, , 
compact, fast, quiet, high quality prints, separate envelope and paper feeds, pretty good cost/page
Cost. Reliable. OS 10.2 and Linux support. Fantastic!
Inexpensive, uses cheap toner, trouble free.
Easy to use.  Good resolution.  Quiet.  Quick.  Comparably inexpensive.
Cheap Cheerful and Small
Affordability. Reliability. Ease of use.
Great print quality, great price, toner saver feature
Price
samll foot print, low initial price
Cheap, Easy to use, quite Pretty in shape
inexpensive but good quality, easy to setup, quiet, 8Meg RAM, paper handling is smooth.
High Quality, Drivers Easily Loaded, Toner Saver Feature
Outstanding print quality. Impressive efficiency. Overall, outstanding value.
Great Value, Compact, Asthetic, Fast, Simple.
Print Quality, Energy Star, Toner Saver, Robust Design, Simple, Fast, Surprisingly Nice Paper Paths
cheap, good print quality, easy setup, also it works with windows xp
Cheap, beautiful and fast printing and very very quiet
Fast once warmed up, great text quality, easy to set-up over the network
*Fast *Cheap *Works with Windows/Mac/Linux *Small footprint *Good print quality
Inexpensive alternative for the home office in both price as well as toner.
Feature packed printer for the price.
Great print quality; Reasonable price
Fast printer. Easy setup. Dependable.
Great printer for the price. Easy set up.  
Great output, economical, solid build quality, good paper handling, easy setup
Quiet, fast, dependable, great price, easy memory expansion
Inexpensive, 15ppm, Energy Start Compliant, 12,000 pages per month
Cheap, but not lacking in quality.
Quiet while in standby mode, Economical on toner
Reliable, economical, reasonably priced
fast, appears well built
Low cost, excellent print quality, wonderful customer support.
Great, great quality printer
Very cheap cost, excellent print quality, toner carts are inexpensive
Compact, 600dpi, parallel cable included, great value.
extremely cheap, high performance laser printer
A high quality laser printer for under $200 including parallel cable.
A heckuva deal for a reliable, unbulky laser printer.
Very cheap, good quality, long-lasting cartridge
No problem whatsoever.
Price, ease of use, quick flash recovery, easy navigation and long battery life.
Best value for money
Easy to use....good lux ISO380.
Flash modes, good display, USB, common AA (non-proprietary) batteries, acceptable picture quality.
Price, functions
Great price, good features for the money.
Simple to use,nice features for less than $100,USB upload
Easy to use, low price,outdoor photos good, action sequence shots, B&amp;W photos 
Low price for a kids starter camera
unbeatable portability, ease of use
&lt;B&gt;Excellent Picture Quality For Small Price Tag, Tons of Features
easy to use, lots of pictures, great for your snapshots!
Very Cheap, Great Software, Excellent Support Area On Website
Very Tiny, Cheap, Holds 100 Pictures
Extremely small and light
Portability, ease of use/download to computer, cheap 
Size, price, ease of use, web cam function
Size. That's about it.
Cheap! Small in Size!
NONE
can be used as a web cam
Take over a 100 pics and easy to carry around. 
cost.
price, size, use as webcam
Digital camera, Web cam, A.V.I. capability in 1 small package ! 
3-In-1 Camera, Great Price!, Small size, 8 MB Memory
Size.
Small size, easy to stow in your pocket
Good Looking
It's little...
Substantial. Perfect entry-level "Pro-sumer" SLR-type digital camera.
Handles like a 35mm,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Control flexibility/layout,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Histogram&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Rechargeable batteries,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Memory stick/card flexibility&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
All you need in one box.
All you need in one box.
DSC-D770 handles like a 2 1/4 square camera or a full size 35-mm.
Great image quality, LCD screen, White Balance
Extensive Control 
Great image quality, wide range of options, easy to use.
 Carl Zeiss Lens, portability, versatility, creative options
5X optical zoom.  Threaded lens barrel. Easy to use overall.  
Terrific high quality pictures
Nice zoom lens, good weight, pic and movie modes, swivel lcd screen
Quality, Style, Features and ease of Use
Excellent image quality, excellent color, battery power "countdown" in minutes, intuitive operation, cool design
High Performance, Numerous Features, Ease of Use
Light, easy to use, many features
User interface, image quality
image quality nothing short of excellent, good battery life, neat features
amazing image quality, Carl Zeiss 5x optical zoom lens, 2.6 mega-pixel resolution
Size, Features, Optical Zoom
Great image quality, Carl Zeiss lens with 5x optical zoom and manual focusing ring
BEAUTIFUL LENS! Photo quality images! Easy to use and good programs included! Videos come out great!
Lens and beautiful pics
Lens, lens. and lens
Swivel view finder
Zeiss lens, size and shape, megapixel CCD
lens, video mode, design, image quality
Great up close pictures
Lens, Fully Automatic, Fantastic Photos
everything
Excellent Optics,AC adapter included,Easy to use
Auto and manual Focus, super clear pictures, fast cycle times, excellent red eye reduction.
Lightweight, Easy, Carl Zeiss, Image Quality, and Design.
ergonomic design, easy for amateurs, tons of features
Unique design.  High quality of image.  Expandable memory stick.
Great color response in daylight.  Excellent lens quality and zoom factor.
Great all-around digital camera, cool looking, macro focus, fun!
Photo imaging quality, lens, features, battery life, ease
Best of Breed (digital camera + 15 sec MPEGs), Quick for "precious life moments"
Small, nice quality
Lightweight, 2Mpixel, rotating head
high resolution, excellent features, compact size
Exellent quality pictures
Great pics, portable. mpeg, swivel lens
MPEG and JPEG Images; Small, light
small size, great feature set, memory sticks
mpeg movie opiton w/ video out, 2.8x zoom, fun little camera
small, high resolution, easy to transfer
easy to use, great picture quality
Outstanding quality, takes pictures fast,  Records Mpeg Movies.
small, easy to use
large and clear LCD screen, very compact, takes MPEG movies, easy to use
Excellent quality pictures and small size.
fun to use
Great pictures
small, robust, great picture quality, good lens, very flexible
amazing features, tough and durable
small size, ease of use
Compact; great photos.
High resolution, macro mode, MPEG movie format, swivel lens
Picture Quality, Size, Media, Multi Modes (MPEG Video, Still Shot, Email, etc.), Accessories (Memory stick reader, memory stick printer) 
2.1 megapixels, Movie and Email capability, Links for straight AV/Sound.
Quality of Pictures, Quality &amp;amp; Feel of Camera
Taking many pictures without fear. Great quality pictures and movies
Fast Lens ! Quick Shutter release, good macro capabilities
Good metering, High quality, sharp and very fast 5x optical zoom lens
5X zoom, abundant features, vivid colors
High Resolution, Cool Features, More Photo Control
Easy to handle, great funstionality, great resolution
Megapixels, video mode, infrared option, too many to list!
Many Features, Many Options, CONVERSATIONAL PIECE!
Fast Carl Zeiss lens. 
Two words: Memory Stick!  Also, good battery life, incredible picture quality.
5 Megapixels, IR pics in total darkness!, JPG + MPG video!
5 Megapixel.  3 shot burst.  Manual control.  Best Pro-sumer digital camera.  Good battery performance.
Awesome pictures, ease of use and wonderful features.
Great image quality and lots of options.  Fast adjustment of features like shutter speed.
Long battery life, 5.0 megapixel, autofocus, nightframe features
Picture quality, features, battery life, use of "standard" Sony parts - MemoryStick, battery, etc
Best lenses, lots of battery, easy use,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;good for the price.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Excellent images, great battery life, fast Lens, start-up/cycle/shutter lag times, night-low light capabilities, and price.
Amazing lens from Carl Ziess! 5 megapixels to work with! A 5X zoom!
Great pictures, good battery life, price&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Takes great pictures, Takes pictures FAST, AMAZING battery life, and has a great lens!
Fast lens, fast startup time.
A GOOD GOOD PORTABLE CAMERA IS RIGHT IN FRONT OF YOUR EYE'S
takes good pictures
Great Pictures! Great battery life.
Crisp, detailed images. Nice 5x Optical Lens. Comparatively affordable.
Great pictures, lens, features, best (for now)
5 Mega Pixles, Features, Zoom, Style, Brandname, screen, batteries.
Great SLR like performance and quality without all that film
Professional quality, more features than you could ever wish for, excellent quality of photos
Amazing Picture "quality."
Quality Images, Lots of Features, 
Lens, build quality, many features and beautiful pics 
5 Megapixel, Full Auto, Full Manual
Lens, Image Quality, value for the money!
Incredible image quality.  Nightshot!  Can be fully manual.
Good quality photos.  Good battery life per charge.  5X optical zoom.
Magnificent image quality, great lens, zoom range, battery life, low light performance.
Great product! Incredible pictures! Very happy with my purchase. 
you become more involved with the picture making process
Picture, Simple 
Well built, easy to handle, and takes great photos.
Decent amount of pixels at a good price.  LOTS of extras.
Takes Great Photos
FANTASTIC PHOTOS, LOADS OF FEATURES, 10X ZOOM, VIEW FINDER
Great lens, spot meter, night picture,  good color rendition except flash 
5.24 MP, Dual LCD Screen/Viewfinder
HUGE resolution 5 megapixel!  More zoom than average, easy to use.
Titanium case, great pictures in auto mode, InfoLithium battery, 5 megapixel resolution
This camera is fast, easy to use, and has a terrific zoom.
Professional features, outstanding quality, excellent battery life
Excellent picture quality...the Zeiss lens is awesome!&amp;#3;
Long Battery Life, User friendly features, 
Carl Zeiss Lens, many "pro" features, Great price, Night framing/Night Shooting, Extremely flexible, 
Lots of manual settings, 58mm lens/filters can be used
Swivel Body - Hologram AF - Fast - Night Framing - Battery Life
Night Shots, Easy to use, High Quality
Excellent photo quality with a lot of features!
Fit, Quality, Ease, LCD, Lens, Battery, Controls, Menu And Sony Reputation For Quality. 
There are wonderful options that you just can't get on other cameras.
Excellent images, great battery life, fast zoom lens 
Great camera!
Sturdy, excellent pictures, LCD viewfinder, design.
Fast, responsive, relatively easy to learn and use. 
InfoLithium Batteries, Memory Stick Pro, Carl Zess Lens, 5.24 MP
Controls, ease of use
Features, Photo quality, size
Incredibly sharp images. User-friendly. GREAT CAMERA
Well engineered, quality, hi-res  system. This Sony is a solid step in that direction!  
5.24 MegaPixel, Carl Zeiss optics, multiple shutter speeds, the ability to take mpeg movie clips.
Unsurpassed quality for pictures
amazing pictures. the battery never runs out. lots of options.
IMAGE QUALITY!!!, Macro, AF, speed, lens ring, pretty all, , , , , , Battery, Price
Cool zoom, night shots, lazer focusing, 
EVF, ergonomics, in-camera editing features, flexibility, 
Lots of features
Excellent quality photos even for beginners, nightshot, infolithium battery
Takes Beautiful Pictures
Great pictures, ease of use, New Pro memory sticks
Phenominal image quality; awesome features; ultra-cool low-light photo quality
Zeiss optics and smooth reliable operation
vivid colors some what clear pictures.
Creativity booster; Great battery life; easy to use and great picture resolution
very compact, easy to use, pretty good picture quality, &amp; fun special effects
Small size, good looking
small size, digital viewfinder, memory stick, great picture quality
Small size, lots of features
Compact, excellent pictures, optical and LED viewfinders, easy to use &amp; download, MPEG movies
Compact self-enclosed design, long bettery life, can achieve great photo-quality. 
You dont have to waste your money developing unwanted pictures.
Many features, easy to use, excellent photo quality
Small reliable and backed up by Sony (at a premium price)
Beautiful, small, quality pictures
Good if you are into EXPRESSIONIST ART PICS
Just about Everything!
size, picture quality, oh did i mention size
USB Camera, Small, Compact Design
Compact, Super Hi-Res Pictures, Wide range of functions, Easy of Use
Small Size, Infolithium Battery, Metal Design
Size, portability, hi-rez, MPeg options, USB, Li-Ion battery
Nothing ventured, everything gained
Compact size, lightweight, very much great possibilities, easy to use, familiar menu, good battery life
Small, light, sturdy, relatively inexpensive for a digi-cam.
small &amp; comfortable  size.  Easy to use menus.  Great looking pics.  Many Features.
Size, features, Marine Pack option
Small, handy, memory stick, USB
Small size, great features, and awesome pictures
size
Size, ease of use, memory and battery change speed, picture quality.
Ease of use, Picture quality
Small, good quality, 3.3 Megapixel, long battery life
All the features in a compact case!
Very portable, industry standard image quality, plenty of features.
Looks, Functions, Battery
Small Size, Does Stills and Movies w/ sound, lots of menu options&amp;#9;
Downloading Pictures, Ease of Use, Picture Quality. 
Small, sturdy, great quality, simple to use, clear screen
Size, picture quality, pc interface, lcd screen, ease of use
Pocketable; easy to whip out and shoot.
High resolution CCD, Many features, Easy-to-Use, Small, Portable, Quality Lens, 
Small and Compact, Lots of Features, 3.3MPixels
small,very high quality pictures,great at time exposure, very good micro
Small Size, Battery Life, Auto lens cover, MPEG Movie 
Small form-factor
Small size, Light weight, Long-life Battery 
Very sharp, clear image. Fast shots on moving objects. Un-limited video clips. Sharp night shots.
Pretty camera! Takes great pictures! Many features but still easy to use!
easy to use, takes great pictures
Size, quality, and great pictures
Small, Lightweight, Many accessories including underwater case,Versatile
clarity, great flash, infolithium battery
the size, 5Mpixels, VGA-video, the ergonomy
Small, easy to use, High resolution, great quality, many formats
Compact size and very good video for a still camera
five megapixels with P&amp;S ease of use
Compact, 3x optical zoom, 5MP, easy menu driven handling, simple image transfer to PC process
Everything! 
Inexpensive, great LCD resolution, and versatile file saving.
Price and ease of use.
Great Price, Amount of Features, Ease of Use
Great quality pictures, lots of features, inexpensive expansion
Great quality images, very cheap for it's features and capabilities, takes videos.
Features
Small, lightweight, 1.3 Megapixel, Mpeg mode
Relatively Cheap, Memory Stick Reader/Writer Drive, Ease of Use
nice LCD display. very simple to figure out how to operate without needing instructions. 
Size, price and quality.
Sony quality - most bang for your buck
Inexpensive, compact
Very easy to use, good image quality
Good resolution for the price
Can't think of any
Easy to use, USB interface.
Good price, Good pictures, Nice Size.
Great pictures, records movies, easy to use and transfer pics to computer
Inexpensive, Decent Picture Quality, InfoLithium Capability, MPEG Movies
Easy to use. A lot of accesories, memory sticks are cheap
compact, inexpensive, great photos, great lcd screen, impressive night illuminator.
Inexpensive, best quality for price, very compact, cool looks
Compact size, lots of programming options
Nice features available.
6x precise zooming,good value for money,37mm thread for lenses etc.
Excellent Quality - both camera and photos
compact and light, wonderful pictures, easy to use
Small size, rechargeable batteries, excellent picture quality, Sony Reputation
Comes with rechargeable battery and charger.
Great price.  Very easy to use.
Nice features and good included goodies for the price.
Small, compact, good quality
Great LCD display, great features on the camera, easy to use
Light &amp; solid. Easy &amp; straight-forward to use. Crisp LCD viewfinder, fast bootup/shutdown
Size, features, value, quality.
Easy, Small, Light, Good Quality pics, 2.0 megapixel, Power save, Auto everything!
Nice size, Good quality photos, Solid build, Good quality video
Inexpensive, Good picture quality, Good battery life, Comfortable in the hands
Exceptional value for money. 2MP Picture Quality. Sony Build Quality &amp; Reputation
Nice size. Good battery life. Easy to use.
Very easy to use, high quality pictures at a great price
Very easy to use, even for those of us who are not "technology savvy".
Good price, high resolution, good display, sleek design
Easy to carry, lightweight, great pics, awesome features for such a small camera
Good picture quality, BRIGHT FLASH, good movie mode, AV out, nice LCD screen
Easy to use.  Great pictures for the price!
Affordable, Compact, Easy to transfer to computer
Great picture quality, features, uses Memory Stick, records movies, includes charger and batteries.
Long lasting, durable, compact, good price, not annoying to use/easy to use
Cheap but great quality. Pretty easy
Tiny size, battery life, well-lit images are excellent.
Great quality photos, amazing durability, compact, easy to understand, great image options. 
small, magnesium case, sharp pictures
Most compact and lightweight.  Fits in your pocket.
Elegant design, compact size, easy to use, custom settings, great lighting
Compact camera that takes great pictures and MPegs (/w sound)
Great pictures, very easy to use. Small!
Compact size, Easy to Use, Mpeg, Self-Time, UNDERWATER HOUSING AVAILABLE!!!
Excellent Image Quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Solid Build&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Automatic lens cover&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Unlimited length movie clips
Picture quality, features, connections, USB, resolution
High res, excellent pics, movie mode w/ audio, TONS of features.
Small size, rechargeable battery included, excellent quality
Great quality pics,compact and a great buy at $400
3.2MP resolution, USB, crystal clear pictures, compact, rechargeable battery, Self-Timer, movie mode for $250
Small size, ease of use, quality of photos with bright light
good picture quality, easy to use, handy moon light shot in dark places
Great price and features
small, lightweight, can hold a LOT of pictures with 128 meg memory stick, video feature.
Great Sony quality, clear images/resolution
Easy to use. Excellent pictures. Cool looking!
Easy to use, good picture quality.
Takes brilliant daytime photos, good features, additional filters/lenses available...
User friendly camera with excellent daytime photo quality.
Great pictures, nice movie mode, small, easy to use, 
size, daytime quality, adjustability
Sony quality. Ease of use. Decent pictures. Loads of fun.
A lot of camera for the money., 
Easy to use, great features, light weight, excellent rendition.
None
Sony picture quality, Cool filters, Movie feature
Quick and dirty, good number of features for the $$.
Compact, Easy To Use, Good Pictures
Nice Photos
Easy interface; great pictures; great Sony name; movie mode
Picture Quality, lots of features
Good image quality, Loads of functions, Video out function useful, 
size, computer connectivity, focus at distance
viewfinder is a must. Can use AA batteries 
Cool appearance, great pics, simple to operate, video mode, great handling
Compact, full of features, easy to use, excellent pictures.
2.1 megapixels, long 6x zoom, macro setting, adjustable resolution, small, lightweight
Fun design, great features
Price, large LCD, Easy operation
small, light, great picture quality, great features.
Good value for money for 2.1 MPix camera. Battery life longer than expected.
Compact, zoom lens, quality pictures
Outstanding image quality, excellent battery life, easy to use, stylish &amp; compact design
Lots of features, LCD screen
Compact, Has an LCD screen, Lots of features.
light weight, great picture quality, best bang for the buck!
Low price, great quality, small, many features
compact, 2 megapixels, works well with my MAC!!!
Easy to use, good quality images, nice features, good for most people
nice size and shape,great features
Great Features, Small, Great Image Quality
easy to use, plenty of bells and whistles
Features, Size, Memory Stick capacity
Easy to use, Great image quality, Battery lasts a long time, 
Easy to operate, plug n play.
Sony Brand Name, small, light, memory stick, sharp pictures, easy photo review.
Ease of use (when working)
Excellent picture quality; easy to use features; long battery life
Compact and consistent with great photos
My Sony P51 Cyber-Shot worked great while it worked!
Compact size, ease take pictures, ease to download into computer.
It takes pretty good pictures.
Good Price, Great Resolution, Great Colors
Quality construction, great features, terrific pictures, flexibility, compatibility
Compact with lots of features, easy to use.
Movie mode; sepia &amp; B&amp;W, user-friendly, optical zoom, rechargable batteries
great features, great battery life, great size
Great quality pictures. Very easy to use.
Very user friendly for a first time dig-cam user.
Can take digital pictures as well as short videos.
Picture Quality,Makes great enlarged photos, comes equipped with rechargeable batteries and charger.
High resolution, easy to use, rechargeable batteries, can record movies
Lightweight, easy to use in auto mode, great picture quality (SONY(R) lens),long battery life 
picture quality, price, ease of use
Easy to use, Small size, options seem endless
Crisp pictures, Stylish, Easy Connection, User Friendly, 
Easy to use. Amazing video clips, with audio.
Stylish, lightweight, Fantastic 3.2 MP quality, with video audio recording
Clear pictures great color, small size ease of use
Small enough to fit in your pocket. Lightweight and easy to use
Great photo quality, and shutter speed.  Battery life is the best I've seen!  
variety of options, quality is superb.  
Stylish, easy operation &amp; transmission to computer.
good balance of features, price &amp; size
Easy to use, compact in size, instructions are easy to understand
Small, Light, All the Features you need and then some
Good camera for under $400.  Small but durable
Great price for what you get. Neat little package.
Size, Ease of use, Picture Quality
Good Picture Quality, Zoom, Video cable for TV slide viewing.
good picture quality, easy to use, excellent in low light and action
Image Quality, Size, Memory Capability, Look &amp; Feel
Batteries! You need only two, they give long life, they are supplied.
Great Camera, HQ Images, Good Battery Life and excellent Charger option.  Overall good Camera!
Impressive zoom capability, handy size and weight, night scene facilities useful
Quality, Size, Memory, Weight
Compact design, easy to use, great picture quality
It was easy to use. The "movie" feature has extended shooting time.
Professional picture quality., Small Size., Many functions!
Compact, Easy to Use, LCD Screen provides great previews
Lightweight &amp; easy to hold.
Quality components. Small size and excellent overall photo quality.
Nice, compact, decent pictures and lots of user controls
Nice size, fast, nice features, nice photos and fairly long battery life...
Ease of use, lightweight, great pictures, Ability to take pictures fast.
Easy to use
Excellent photo quality, extreme ease of use, SONY styling., 
Really easy to use.  Excellent quality photos.
Excellent pics, extremely easy to use.
Uses 2 standard AA Batteries. High quality photos and good zoom.
Great pictures, autofocus illuminator, sturdy, camera "feel," compact, simple, battery life, easy connectivity.
Superb picture quality.  Comfortable design.  USB connection = fast downloads.  Low-light shutter function!
Low price for a VERY GOOD QUALITY
Great point and shoot for the amateur., Advanced features for the more experienced.
Great picture quality
excellent photos, long battery life, video capture, compact size
Good size, takes excellent pictures in natural lighting, faster shutter speed than some,good price.
Great picture quality, Good battery life
Easy to use, expansive options
great pictures quality, good usability, light
brand,service, function,flash,software,colour,Memory Stick,
Very easy to use, Great image quality.
Great picture quality. Excellent low-light performance.  Easy to use.
Quality LCD Screen, no shutter lag, excellent pictures, fantastic movies.
Excellent starter camera.
Easy to use, the quality of pictures are great
Incredible image quality, easy to use, comes with all the accessories, nice user manual
It produces the best movies that I have found on a digital photo camera!
It has tons of great features.  You can even choose to make your picture black/white.
3x optical zoom, you can make gif files, excellent videos
Excellent picture quality; flexible &amp; easy picture settings
Easy to use, not too big, not too small, great battery life
compact, easy to use, great quality pics, it comes with rechargeable batteries and the charger
Easy to use. Great pictures. Instructions easy to follow.
The quality, flash modes, movie mode, look, ease of use.
lightweight, compact,very adequate flash,good tech support,no lens cap!
compact, sturdy, small, can take movies
Pocket size camera, light weight,durable, simple to use, contains various features and possiblities
Nice small size&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Excellent image quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Good battery life
Small size, 4.0 Megapixels, can record video, 
Small, lightweight, focuses in low light, bright LCD with zoom preview, excellent pictures, price.
astonishing looks, compact and light weight
Small, lightweight, feature loaded, protected LCD, and integrated lens cover.
Compact, almost fool proof, being able to focus in the dark
Easy to use, works at night, mpeg movie recording, size, memory works well with VAIO.
Small and compact, easy to use, great quality picture, MPEG Movie mode.
Easy to use and absolutely wonderful quality shots
takes good up close pictures in the dark
More rugged than you would expect.  Very high quality pictures.  Good movie capability.
Takes high quality pics, compact
Small size, 4 Megapixel resolution, 3 flash settings, 2:3 ratio for perfect 4X6 prints
good zoom, good picture quality, cheap, good storage
Good image quality. Large number of creative controls. Swiveling LCD monitor.
Easy to use, quality photos, screen moves.
Picture quality is the best, sharpest camera ever made!!
rotating LCD, lens attachments, durable, it's a SONY
EASY TO USE, SWIVEL SCREEN, GREAT PHOTOS, GREAT FOR LEARNERS
The DIGITAL camera offers strong magnification!, 
Image Quality, Good Zoom, Good Battery
Ease of use, size and price
size, ease of use, battery life
Convenient size, zoom
Compact, Good picture quality, good memory space
Nice Camera young, it so tight!
Price/performance ratio, strong rechargeable battery, optional lenses/filters
Feature laden, great battery life, solidly built
Compact, MACRO Imaging, Ease of Operation
battery life, image quality, durability, functional, easy to use.
Ease of use, small
small and easy to use
small size, rechargeable batteries, good zoom, great playback, easy to use
Extremely perfect quality, lots of great features,perfect for e-mailing
ease of use
Moveable display
Fantastic pictures, easy to use, small, holds many pics
Bright 2&amp;quot; LCD screen, Compact size, Easy to use, Onboard editing features, Easy Sony menu, InfoLithium batteries, USB connection, Memory Stick media, Sony quality
Great price, outstanding picture quality, good battery life, video output, slide show mode, TONS of extras!
Easy to Use.  Great Crisp Clear Pictures
USB cables, LCD screen
2&amp;quot; Digital Screen which turns 180 degrees, Precise Clarity, Easy to Use
Great features / USB interface / fantastic battery life / easy
Picture Quality, Ease of Use
inexpensive; nice built in features; computer friendly out of the box
Durable, rechargeable battery
Ease of Operation,  memory stick film media, versatility, image quality, extremely portable
The New Millenium in Photography is here!
compact, easy to use
Included rechargeable Lithium Ion Battery pack, USB connection, Plenty of features.
wonderful pictures, great battery life, easy to use
Great Compact Design, Good Color, Simple Management, Expandable Memory
Compact size, very durable, great battery life, and numerous features.
MemoryStick format, USB connection, menu is easy to navigate, bright 2" LCD
excellent, easy to use digital that will give you professional results for a small price
Inexpensive, Easy to Use, USB/PC Interface Quick and Easy
Great image size options, good quality pictures and excellent battery life.
Lots of great features. Easy to use. 
Excellent Pictures, zoom doesn't protrude, easy to use, excellent LCD.
Rechargeable battery, quick USB download of photos, 15 second movies, in-camera editing of pics
able to see and delete pictures before development, lots of features
small, beautiful picture quality
compact, good screen, batt life, etc etc
great resolution, user friendly, full minute video clips.
Versatility, small package, picture quality
Light, sweet and really has high resolution for a great little pocket sized camera.
The camera &amp; software are very easy to use! Better than expected picture quality!
great photo quality in a compact design w/ video capability!
on screen editing- clarity- zoom
Compact, Full of features, Great image quality, Easy to transfer files, Long-life battery, MemoryStick compatibility, Sony Quality
movie mode/ rotating LCD screen/memory stick
Ease of Use, Features, Quality
Long-life InfoLithium battery, Audio recording, MPEG movie mode 
1 minute digital videos with sound&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Compact and durable&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Small, convenient features, self timer, takes movies or pictures, hooks up to computer.
Excellent Picture Quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Good Software Bundle&amp;#13;&amp;#10;USB, Sony Memory, Tv Out &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Comfortable Feel
Moveable/rotating LCD, Nice looking,picture editing in camera, price.
quick and easy transfer to PC via USB cable&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great quality Pictures
A very nice camera using advance technology.
Bright 2" LCD viewfinder, controls easy to use, decent manual control, 
high quality lens/focus, solid feeling camera, high battery life, inbuilt charger
Great Durable camera, Great Picture qualities-More features then other model!
Too many to list here
By far the best features and accessories for the price
Ergonomics and swivel LCD
1. good resolution 2. easy to carry 3. easy storage 4. no complicated software 5. easy to transfer onto the pc
great picture quality, lots of features. MPEGs with sound
Extremely good photo quality 1600x1200 !
Memory Stick, easy to use, long battery life
Good stills, MPEG, light, convenient
Ease of use
Whole package
Features, Ease-of-use, Quality, Instant Feedback
Zoom capability, image clarity, software
picture quality and battery power
Small size, good resolution
compact, great LCD, reasonably priced, easy to use menus
Quality of pics, size, weight
Lightweight, easy to use, MPEG movie mode, long life battery
USB, memory stick, zoom, movies
Small camera; intuitive menus; great pictures
Great pictures, MPEG-1 recording, Easy Connecting to Computer
small size, superb pictures, portable format
very simple interface, multi usage for memory sticks, USB link, long time battery...
has all the goodies!
none
Quality and an mpeg recorder
small, excellent resolution, long lasting battery, zoom, easy to use
great pics, easy controls, small
lots of features
Accessories
Easy to use, lots of features, &amp;#13;&amp;#10;high quality LCD screen. 
Good picture quality, battery life, MPEG movie mode, easy to use, swivel LCD
So easy to use, like pie!
Great Resolution, high quality pictures, optional large storage memory sticks, rechargable battery long life
Sony's Info-Lithium Battery, Memory Stick Capabilities, Very User Friendly
Flip up 2" LCD screen,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Long battery life,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;USB transfer
Convenient, Great pics, easy to use
Compact, free-angle LCD, optical zoom, memory stick media, movie mode with sound.
Compact, free-angle LCD, optical zoom, memory stick media, movie mode with sound.
Great design, Ease of use and bright LCD screen.
Great pictures that aren't blurry... and it's compact!
awesome
Selectable image aspect ratio printing, Voice Memo mode, In Camera Crop/Trim &amp; Re-Size function
Powerful images. User Friendly. 
don't have to buy and develop film, easy to use
Small Great Price Movie Option
Good LCD, MPEG capabilities
Size, Features, Great Image Quality, Sony Brand
Easy to use and versatile.
Classy camera for a decent price.
This camera produces high quality images and superior detail
Picture quality, ease of use, zoom.
Takes excellent photos, effortlessly!&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Amazing technical capability in compact camera.
Great Pictures! Easy to use! 
Nice quality, good features
Excellent size, speed and features
Great Picture Quality
Great design, razor-sharp imaging, many features
megapixels, software
good quality camera
Picture Quality, Ease of Use, Takes Great Movies, Has SLR settings, Long Lasting Lithium Battery, (Charger Included) Good LCD display, Has Microphone and Speaker, Great Replay Feature, USB connection included, and MORE!!!
Takes good photos of rats.
Extremely sharp pictures, Zeiss lens, USB support, good size, huge storage capacity, advanced exposure modes, excellent menu system, good user control, pretty good software,  
great camera in a small package 
Super high quality high tech camera
Lots of features, fun to use
Amazing photos, Carl Zeiss lens, cool features and memory stick
Size, Picture Quality, features &amp; beauty.
I love the quality of this camera. 
Picture quality, price, software
Easy to use User Interface, Compact Size, Great picture quality
Great lens, high res imaging, small form factor
Great picture quality, features
superior picture quality, excellent zoom lens, great battery life
Beautiful photos, easy to use, great exposure modes, spot meter!
Made me want to get up and shout, &amp;quot;Thank you Sony!&amp;quot;
6X Zoom, Incredibly Sharp Detail
Great pictures!  Nice battery
Great for enlargements!
Great pictures, intuitive interface, easy to use
small size, many features
Great clarity
Excellent feature set, easy to use.
Image quality, features vs price
rich feature; easy to use
Small, Great Pictures, Relatively Easy to transfer Pictures to your PC
Excellent, vivid, sharp photos
Photo size range, external flash available, lightweight,compact, user friendly.
Sharp Photos and long battery life
Easy to use
Great quality, feature packed, long 'on-times'
Incredible picture quality.  Long battery life
Excellent picture quality
great pictures, unreal sound
3.3 Megapixel, Full featured, Easy to use, Bright LCD, Excellent Battery, Excellent photo quality
easy to use.
Incredible detail and color saturation
excellent quality photos, amazing resolution and realism
Incredible Detail, Light, Nice Accessories, Ease of Use
Quality and accuracy, numerous useful features, easy to use, great battery life, nice LCD
picture quality,price
Carl Zeiss lens, clear sharp photos
High resolution, Digital video, easy to use, Multitude of settings.
Sony has a HIT - Compact, Zeiss Lens, Long-Life Battery, Adjustable Optical ViewFinder
High quality photo's, easy to use, very versatile, good software
Modest size, light weight, excellent battery life, expandable memory options, Sony quality, accessories
Great image &amp; color quality, any length movie, solid construction
Quality of image, packed with features
Easy to use
Feature loaded, great images, long battery life.
*Superb Image Quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Easy to Use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Quality, Materials&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Bright LCD&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Strong Battery
Quality, Battery Lifetime
Manual settings, CarlZeiss lens, MPEG movie mode, InfoLithium battery
Simple yet advanced, high quality, many options and features.
Video w/ sound, nice pics, good looking and EASY to figure out!
Accepts different lenses; Feels like a &lt;i&gt;real&lt;/i&gt; camera; Sharp pictures
Nice Image Quality, Good Size, Good Video Quality
LARGE LCD SCREEN, CARL ZEISS LENS, MANY MODES TO TAKE PICTURES IN.
Easy to use
Amazing picture, great lens, supplied battery, charger, numerous options
Video, rechargeable battery, great quality, many pictures
Excellent picture quality, flexible adjustment capability, overall feeling of durability, battery life impressive.
ergonomic design, good color saturation, long battery life
Easy to use, great picture quality, fast uploads
easy to use, superb picture quality, vast range of options and features
Fantastic, bright lens, intuitive controls (for most-used features), great picture quality
Beautiful photos with great resolution. Easy to use. Lots of settings to play with.
Great lens, 3.3mp resolution, 3x optical zoom, manual functions.
Great photo quality, easy to use, won't break the bank. What more could you want??
Easy controls, durable build
rechargeable batteries, LCD with picture playback
Overall Ruggedness, Battery life,Price picture clarity, ease of use.
Great pictures, true color, rugged construction, nice interface.
Easy to use,great pictures, compact yet fits well in hands.
Excellent Resolution, Long Rechargable Lithium Battery life, Good Layout 
Superb, lens. Traditional controls on Camera reduce the need for LCD menus.
Awesome quality, great optics, good value
powerful flash, long lasting battery, crystal clear and sharp pictures. 
Fantastic price!  4.1 Megapixel.  Size. Features. Ease of use.
Value &amp; Resolution are great!!! Loaded with features.
4.1 Mp, good battery life, tons of features, easy to use
High resolution, accurate colors, access to controls, battery life
lens, image quality, exposure flexibility, battery life
Olympus lens,light weight,small size, great pictures, lots of features.
small size, clear pitcures, Olympus name
4.1 Megapixels, excellent image quality, great price, incredible battery life, and full manual control options
Small, easy to use, can't loose the lens cap.
Easy to use, many options, light weight, most pictures are clear and look good.
Easy to navigate menu
Performance, Ease of use, Memory storage
It is lightweight and easy to use.
Price, image quality, movie function, no driver installation needed
battery life, picture quality, manual controls, Carl Zeiss lens
Beautiful pictures
Design, Battery life, picture quality, LCD screen, features
easy to use, great pics, reasonable battery life
Picture Quality, Battery Life, Ease of Use
4.1pix, battery, manual settings, accessories, black, ergonomics
I have yet to find anything this camera does not do well.
Excellent Quality Images, Somewhat fast processing, Great Construction
Excellent Quality Images, Somewhat fast processing, Great Construction
ziess lens, B&amp;W mode, mpeg mode, style
Easier to use than other cameras. A lot of nice features. Long battery life.
Sharp pictures; easy short movies
Picture quality, storage, easy of use, small size, great value
Compact, high resolution (4.1MP   Zeiss lens), excellent battery life, good LSD, generally user friendly
Great pictures. Just great.
easy to use , long battery life, very high image quality, large lcd screen
Great Camera...Takes great Photos
Movie and Sound, Great quality pictures, Easy to use
Control every aspect of your photograph even the ASA speed.
great photos, good movies 
Very high resolution, full manual control, long battery life, compact
Takes great pictures in auto mode.Excellent body and finish.
Ease of use, Clear, accurate photos, USB interface, Lens, many useful features.
Easy of use, Make your on video's, Multiple accessories, long battery life, Well built!
Great images and flexibility. Long battery life.
Compact size; ease of use
Size, Battery Life, Battery compatible with Sony Camcorders, Picture quality and Manual Settings
Incredibly tiny.  Sturdy build for what it is.  Decent picture quality.
Bring anywhere, cute (people love it), fast (with small memory card) in bright light.
Can fit in your pocket
Small, take everywhere, easy to use, photo quality exceeds expectations.
Tiny, Cute, Easy to use, great battery life
size!, easy of use, cuteness
SIZE! Speed, ease of use
size, simplicity
Compact, , Chick Magnet (huge cute factor), , Affordable, 
Small size, wow factor, decent resolution.
Ultra-compact size, easy operation, cross-platform, good battery life
Very small, functional, reasonable battery life.
size!!!, easy to use, battery life
Super compact, lightweight, fun party camera
Decent image quality.  VERY tiny and really is "pocketable".
Tiny, Light = Wearable
It's tiny
Ultra cool, good resolution, excellent image quality, highly portable, uses AAA batteries
tiny,lovely,functional, easy use.....
Small enough to fit in your purse cell phone compartment, diaper bag, or shirt pocket.
Small, quick, easy to use.
Super small size, easy to use, practical
Extremely portable design, great conversation piece
Small size, cuteness factor
Small size, 2.0 megapixels, and long battery life.
Small/light weight.  , Easy transfer.  , Battery charger saves a bundle!
\_small_/, portable, beautiful, integrated flash, very easy transfer to computer.
Good build quality,great size, easy to use, good outdoor picts
More than a typical point-and-shoot camera, 5 MegaPixels, many manual controls.
5 Megapixel, Carl Zeiss Lens, NightShot, 800 ISO Speed.
Light, small, cool and stylish. Brilliant photos. Many features.
Size, features, build quality, picture quality, night shots, and many more to list.
Excellent photos, ease of use, durable.
Small size, price, hot shoe, accessories, more!
Carl Zeiss Lens, Voice Tags, Hologram AE
hot shoe, five megapixels, manual exposure, USB 2.0, very low noise levels, relatively quick , 
Well constructed
Great pictures, fast, zoom, features,  excellent size but still very small
Carl Zeiss Lens, Hologram AE, Accessories
5 Megapixel, fully manual or auto, nightshot, 4x optical zoom.
The BEST home printed photos I have seen!
unbelievable photo quality
Ease of use, photo quality, don't need a computer
I'm impressed!  Photo quality prints w/o cutting paper in seconds.  Everyone should have one!
Brilliant photo quality prints. Perfect colour images. Borderless prints
True photo quality, edge to edge printing + more
High quality output. good speed for quality. compact supply costs are now reasonable
Quality of prints, ease of use
VERY SMALL, GOOD PICTURE QUALITY, WATERPROOF PICTURES, TEAR FREE PICTURES
Excellent quality prints for publication,small desk footprint
Looks nice
Great Pictures. Ease of use. Great built in bonus features (passport size photos etc..)
Incredible photo quality and a great price.  Fast and easy.
Perfect Prints, Ease of use, tons of options, sleek styling
Excellent, realistic photographic quality, edge to edge printing + more
5 Megapixels, records to mini CD-R/RW discs, Carl Zeiss lens.
Easy to use, Great LCD screen, Beautiful Picture Quality
CarlZeiss glass lens, 5MP, records to CD-RW, reasonable lag time, large LCD viewfinder
Excellent picture quality. Ability to store pictures directly to CD.
Features galore, USB, CD and RCA cable viewing of photos, great battery time 
Great camera with great pictures.
superb crispy optics, 5 meg pictures, full VGA mpeg
easy to aim and fantastic quality images
Super optical zoom and CD "film" that can be swapped for various purposes
great picture quality - easy to use - impressive zoom
The optical zoom of 10x is very powerful.
Gorgeous, hi-resolution pictures
Quality, Ease of use, Versatility
CD-R media, view online with any CD ROM, shoot and fire MPEGs
Wonderful storage in cd!
Very Good at close up Photography.
Cool storage - can fit a lot of photos on the disk.
Very comfortable to use, CDR storage feature is wonderful, good picture quality. 
Easy to transfer pictures to your computer; requires no software or external cables
I can take a ton of high res pictures on 1 cd
2.1 mega pixels,1600x1200 resolution,400mm lens
Shoot all day long, good resolution, good battery life
Easy to learn how to use, good instruction manual, and inexpensive to use  (cost/picture) 
Innovative Media Storage, Nice Photo features, Great Zoom and View Finder
CD-R technology, excellent image capacity, low cost of frame, wide zoom capability, comfortable view finder
Pictures Pictures Pictures.  The CD allows for hundreds of pictures.
Good image quality, typical 2 megapixel &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Cheap storage
Great storage of media, many capabilities and a well known manufacturer.
CD-R may be the Digital Image storage media of the future.
new technology, CD-R storage, 2.1 megapixels
infinite storage, image stabilization, 10x zoom
CD-R 156 mb disks!  and a great zoom
Great Image Capacity
Excellent zoom - CD-R drive - lower JPEG compression than previous Mavicas - SLR feel and functionality - USB connectivity - MPEG HQ
Storage Space,  Resolution
Storage space, Quick view on computer nothing to connect just pop in cd!!!
image stabilization, CD medium
Ease of use, ease of migrating files to PC or Mac
Capacity - Ease of Use
ABOVE
convenience, quality, excellent zoom
convenience, quality, excellent zoom
Print quality images and 157meg CD file storage for large file archive.
Innovative storage, some professional styling and photo features, zoom capability.
Mini CD storage, Zoom Lens
The Large Amount of Storage Space using a CD over a floppy
Records directly to CD-R. Also doubles as CD burner, and video camera.
Sturdy construction, Numerous features, Excellent storage medium, Fast storage
Great picture quality. 3" CD-R/RW media. Auto and Manual settings. MPEG movies with sound.
Great pictures, easiest digital camera to use, holds MORE pictures than any other camera!!!
Takes great pictures - both still and video clips; great media format.
Great Media Format, Huge storage capability, Video/Audio Output
Rechargeable Battery!  Never a storage problem!  Great Camera!
Unlimited storage
Great storage format, clear pictures, ease of picture transfer.
Easy to use,small &amp; convenient.
Records on mini disk, good battery life, great extensive features
Great photos, lots of features, writes to mini CDs, great zoom.
high quality, saves pictures onto CDs, long-lasting battery, video clips
Looks very cool, more memory/less cost, many features, still and moving pictures.
ANYONE can use this camera! Large LCD screen, great pics!
CD storage and MPEG capability.
CDs convenient and high capacity, good macro mode/pictures, flexible pic size, easy to learn
Crisp perfect pictures every time.
CD's are convenient; image quality is excellent
Great pics that are easy to create. CD storage is cheap
easy menu system, loads of storage and good choice of image formats, video with sound
Ease of use. Excellent lens. Cheap storage.
Easy to use, Great pictures
large and cheap storage, easy data transfer to PC
Image quality, low cost cds,long life battery
Quality, Stores a lot of photos at high res.
Quality Images, Cheap storage, Sturdy Construction
Big, cheap storage. Great exposure options. Smart battery. Great photos.
Ease of saving the images, Great images, Stylish, Quite Sturdy
cheap storage, crisp clear beautiful photos
Sharp f2.0 Zeiss lens, Excellent picture quality, Cheap high capacity storage media &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
High Resolution,Carl Zeiss Lens,CD-R &amp; RW media, Great picture review  
Uses quality CD-R storage discs which you can pop out and view on your PC.
High quality images,stores images on either recordable or re-writable CDs,easy to coordinate with any computer
Great Pictures, loads of features, costs only power to take pictures!
elicits oohs and ahhs wherever it goes
Writes directly to a CD
Excellent quality photos, convenient mini-cdrw storage, equipped with useful options, highly recommended!!!
storage onto a mini CDRW that is cheap and re-usable time and time again
High Quality Pictures, Photo Resolution, Many Features, Can get several pictures on 1 disc
Great pictures, cheap and easy media, high storage capacity
great pictures, great resolution, great storage
Ease of use, Great, inexpensive storage media, EXCELLENT fit for serious amateur 
Picture quality. Extra functions allowing user created shots not just point and click.
This camera holds lots of pictures and is good quality.
Writes to CD-R media - Good range of resolutions to choose from
Great image quality; cheap media
CD Media gives maximum storage at a minimum price. Lots of options.
CD storage, smart flash, very impressive functions, versatile
great photos, tons of options, good battery, records on cd!
8cm CD recorder, light weight, 4 mp, tons of features, records video, and it's Sony!!
CD storage, 4 mega-pixels, lengthy video, a wide variety of options and features.
Excellent quality photos, unlimited, low cost storage
Being able to store so many photos on one cd.
 Media storage is on 8 cm CD's (inexpensive).Hold over 1000 pics! Exceptional pictures
The storage media
Flexible storage options (CD-R or CD-R/W, Able to use add on filters and lenses.
Easy to use, Aparture and Shutter Priority, and of course unlimited pictures.
Great images, great features,great storage media, great battery, great features!
excellent photo quality and easy to use
Ease of use, well-written instructions, versatility, storage capacity
uses CD, adequate battery life
Great camera to shoot many shots &amp; sort out the great shots later.
Massive Storage and ability to view on PC without card readers or docking units
Incredible storage capacity, very tunable, great clarity, easy to use
picture quality, zoom
Convenience and storage capacity; no worry about memory stick or CompactFlash; moderately priced
Floppy disk
Uses Cheap floppies for image storage, LCD Displays
instant pictures, disc acceptance
Easy to use, 3.5&amp;quot; disk solution
point&amp;amp;shoot,delete if  you don't like
Good quality, uses floppy discs
Easy to use, nice quality pics
durability, speed, compatability
Ease of use, good pictures outdoors.
Easy to use, good resolution, high quality.
Easy to use long battery life.
Images are stored on floppies
Great Pictures
No film, or developing, uses a floppy disk
convenient, quality pics, long battery life
take out disk, simple, special effects
Price, Ease of use, 
Simple to use
Easy to use and price is right
cool pictures
Clearness,vivid pictures, ease of use
light, portable, stores images to floppy
Take lots and lots of pictures! If you don't succeed, try again and again!
great price, ease of use,great results
Organized Picture Taking Made Easy
Versatility
Easy to hold, use
Simple to use, records images on floppies.
Cant think of one
Easy, disks are cheap or free, fun!
Disk use
no more film or negatives
-
Nice
Good if you want to give your kids a camera
Store Images on Floppys
instant photos, ease of carrying, no downloading
Easy for beginners, floppy disk storage
Floppy storage great convenience
built in zoom, built in flash, has many different effects to play with
Great camera
Ease of use, easy to understand
use of floppies means no cables
hiqh quality, intuitive, and durable
Easy to use &amp;amp; does a great job
Floppy transfer is so easy
Very convenient, good pictures. I've been using it for more than three years
Uses 1.44MB Discs, Easy of Use
Standard JPEG format, 10x optical zoom, sturdy
Stores pictures on 3 1/2 &amp;quot; disks
Storage Medium
Very easy to use, durable and clean quick pictures.
Point and click use, floppies serve as film.
Fantastic close-up capability.
Takes incredible pictures
easy use, super quality
Sharp picture quality, excellent flash and ease of use.
Easy to use. Good Pictures. Easy to open on computer. Big LCD viewer.
10x optical zoom, ease of use, floppy disk inserts when taking pictures.
Good, quality pictures.  Easily download pictures to print or email.
Good, Solid Performer, Very Easy to Use
Excellent Images
Floppy storage
Rechargeable battery, floppy disks
daytime shots, privacy, no waiting to see result, instantly can be sent over Internet
Rechargeable battery,  floppy storage, 10X lens, 
Intelligent battery predicts remaining battery time
fun, easy to use
Easy to carry, great to erase bad pictures
Uses floppy disks(very cheap and convenient), simple to use
Easy, and the diskette is great
5 Stars + easy to get pictures to computer
Ease of operation; in all phases, great pictures
See pics before you save/print/email
Easy to use and clear pictures
Easy use
Simple, easy to use, convenient
Easy to use
easy to use and no memory card
3.5 floppy storage, long battery, high quality 
Floppy disk, rechargeable battery.
Great Camera
easy to use
faily easy to use, great pictures, easily enhansed
floppy drive
easy to use
Convenient, Windows/Mac compatible
Easy to use, lightweight, great quality
it is simple to use 
Easy, fun, VERY inexpensive data storage
&amp;quot;Killer-App&amp;quot; Floppy Drive Storage; great viewfinder; intuitive menus; Sony quality
Easy to use, not TOO expensive
easy to download, needs no extra cables to connect to your PC
Standard Floppy Disks for media storage, Great quality, Ability to take lots of pictures for a little price and determine which pictures to print
Instant viewing
Great Archives for my work.
10x Zoom, Standard floppy disc
Uses standard 3.5&amp;quot; floppy
light, easy to use....works exceptionally well
floppy disk picture storage, easy to use, no cables/downloads
easy to use
Great digital images for little effort.
Uses 3.5 floppy
Lots of AOL discs floating around
zoom, floppy disk, length of charge, clarity of pictures
Super Easy of use, good value for the money,  takes good quality pictures
ease of use, price of the camera, and use of floppy  disk
easy to use, no extra costly parts
great pictures, no connection needed to download, saves to disk
fast, save on developing
easy to use,  good quality pictures, uses standard diskettes
Compact, good quality  sharp pictures.
Easy to operate, even my youngest child (age 9) operates the camera with good results.
everything about this camera is incredible!
Can see picture right away, can store on disk
Ease of use, no film or photo processing costs
Durability/ Ease of Use/ Good Quality photos
Great pics, easy to use, save pics on floppy disk
Fast zoom, autofocus, progress indicator on-screen.
Immediate gratification, Powerful zoom, floppy storage.
Floppy Disk, Ease of Use
reusable, inexpensive disk storage, zoom lens
easy to use, saves to disk
Floppy disks
Just A Great Camera
great quality, easy to use
great zoom
Easy to use, high quality
Great quality fast digital pictures.
Battery Life, Easy to operate.
simple and cheap
Great 
Uses 1.44MB floppies.  Easy to use.  No more wasted film.
simple and easy to use,cheap disks for photo storage
Ease of operation
easy to use, saves to floppy
Disks are easier then film, ability to delete bad pics,
Great overall camera
Great pictures
Easy to use
Good Picture
Easy to operate
Value,style,convenience
floppy disk
Great value and look
light weight, easy to use
10x zoom, uses 3.5&amp;quot; disc, easy to use
The best photos
Sturdy
easy of use, great quality,floppy disk storage
Easy to use, floppy diskette storage, battery life
LCD Screen, lighting modes, battery life, 3.5" Floppy Drive
up close, point and shoot capabilities
Advantage of a digital camera, easy to use, floppy disk storage
I like all SONY Digitals!
Ease of operation, no downloading required.
Floppy Storage,Quick Editing,Easy to use
Easy to use, quality 4X6 photos, Floppy disk (No USB, no memory sticks)
An excellent camera all round with many features
Easy to use.  Download to any pc without wires.  No software to install.
Easy, quick &amp;amp; fast turn around!
Easy to use, durable, reliable.
Memory, price, battery charge life.
Takes excellent pictures and uses a disk rather than cables.
user friendly
Price is coming down.
Great portable, easy to use
ease of use
Easy to use
easy to use and understand
Light, easy to use, Floppies
Convenient transfer of images to PC; perfect exposures
Takes pictures in all types of lighting 
Inexpensive, versatile, easy to operate, 
Easy, zoom lens, no computer hookup,
floppy disk image storage system; cost
Ease of use, quality of pictures and savings on prints
very convenient, great price 
Easy use, flash, 3 1/2&amp;quot;&amp;quot; floppy, rechargeable battery, zoom, viewing screen
versatility, quality of pictures
Low cost, great picture quality, sturdy casing, great zoom
Easy, Instant Gratification, Nice Pictures
Floppy Storage, SIMPLE
reasonable price, convenience, fair picture quality
fairly economical for the features, easy to use, good results
easy
easy, easy, easy. Copy discs for friends, voila!!
Ease and quickness of handling. Good pictures. Good zoom
Pictures are stored on disks - easy to use.
Awesome quality, no cords, floppy disk feature is great!
Ease of use, great design.
zoom, adjustable flash level, ease of use
floppy disk storage, 3.5 standard disk; 10x zoom; rechargeable battery
floppy disk memory medium
Convenient, excellent for the photoholic!
Easy to use!
simple, gets the job done, disk drive format handy
Uses floppy diskettes to store photos, relatively easy to learn how to use
Takes great pictures &amp;amp; easy to use.
great for close-up shots
good, easy pictures.  film is a 3.5 disc.  very very easy to use&amp;#9;
simple to use. no expensive memory stick or flash card, uses 3.5" floppy
Allows floppy disk usage
This camera is great for new computer and digital camera users. 
Easy to download images on any computer.
uses the 3.5 inch floppy disk as storage device, affordable price, rugged design,onscreen battery meter
Easy of use.  Floppies pop in, out and into computer!
Easy to use
Ease of use, floppy disk driven
ease-of-use, stores images on floppies
floppy disc system, zoom
easy to use, price coming down, holds a lot of photos, special effects
Price and accessories
Easy to use, great outdoor shots, fairly inexpensive
EVERYTHING
Ease of use, floppy storage
Great Pictures, Great time saver
Easy to use, takes great pictures. 
10X Zoom, Floppy Drive, Reasonable price
Easy to use
ease of use
Wonderful close-ups
Cheap recording media - 3.5&amp;quot; floppy disks
Uses a disk, no printer cable needed
easy, nice prints, reprints, email
use of floppy disk over memory cards
3.5 FD Storage, 10X Zoom, 2 hour Battery life
Floppy storage, good lens
Ease of use, special features
takes floppy disc and is easy to use.
User friendly
Ease of Use, Quality
Ease of use
this is a very user friendly camera.
weight, convenience using disks, instant playback
ease of using a floppy disk, price, quality of finished product
Easy to use, lightweight, built in flash
get the prints you want
convenience
10X optical zoom, cheap memory.
fabulous!
easy of use, great pictures, lots of features, the list goes on 
fast, easy, and fun
convenient
zoom
Ease of learning operation, advantage of floppy disc to store pictures
great zoom
Take great looking pictures with ease
No having to download pictures to your hard drive.
Zoom , floppy disks and ease of use
Simplicity to operate
Stores in jpg to 3 1/2 inch floppy disks
It is easy to use, has many options, under $500, takes nice quality pictures. 
Easy to use
sony mavica's the best product for the money
Macro lens, Zoom lens, Floppy Disk
very simple to use
easy to download
Floppy Disk Storage
Easy to use
Picture effects, floppy disk, zoom, lens cover
Features, ease of use and computer interface method
Lightweight &amp;amp; 10x 
disk size, ease of use, longevity
Value and quality
Ease of use, great quality photos, love the store-on-disk feature
Floppy disk
10x zoom, a lot of pic effects and more
Compact size, good pic quality, ease of use
10 x Zoom, Built in floppy drive, LCD screen, Form Fitting to you hand, you can delete the pictures you don't want from the camera, multiple picture options
NO film developing
Easy to use and battery stays charged for a long time
Floppy disk storage
Light-weight, great storage medium, impressive zoom, acceptable battery life
Easy to Use.  
Very well designed, floppy disk compatibility, ease of use, zoom, macro.
Easy Disk Capability
Easy to operate.
Many different setting choices, can delete what you do not like off the disk, get to preview pictures.
Simple, fast, good quality
No Interface, Great Zoom Power, Easy to Use
Easy to use, takes clear pictures, no developing fees, and you can send pictures online!
EXCELLENT PHOTO'S
Great picture quality; not too expensive; numerous useful features
Ease of use, regular diskettes, quality
Ease of use, 10x optical zoom
A very nice camera, worth the money!
Quick, compatable with many computers.
Decent pictures, affordable, floppy disk storage
Storage drive, write to copy feature, e-mail attachments
Ease of use &amp;amp; price was right!
Disk Tools on board , ease of operation
Optical zoom, storage is easy using disks, incredibly convenient!
Easy, Easy, Easy
Portability, Download to Disk, Easy to Use
fast, easy, don't have to wait for developing
Easy to use
Its zoom
ease of use, inexpensive storage, good pictures.
Low Price, ease of use
picture quality, ease of use
see review
Convenient and easy to use.
Super (the best) macro on the market.
3.5 floppy download convenience
Ease, ability to screen pictures
Easy to use, floppy disks are inexpensive, great all around camera.
Easy to use, Images saved on a floppy disc
Easy Storage of pics, easy operation use, great for websites
Convenient storage medium (floppy disk)
16 pictures on 1 disk
Easy to Use
Disk Storage &amp;amp; Ease Of Use
Floppy Disk Media, User friendly
Speed,ease of use, wide zoom range
Good price, easy to use, storage on floppy disks
Easy to use, great price, inexpensive storage media.
easy to operate
convenience of floppy disks, good zoom, ease of use
Does everything well.
instant pictures, fast, reliable
fast, easy, convienient
ease to use, quality of images
Pictures taken stored on floppy disk
Great for  and pics of intricate items as well as photos
Just the right amount of features, removable floppy
easy, light, different types of photos
Easy to operate, 3.5&amp;quot; Floppy, 10X zoom
easy to learn how to use, ability to preview photos.
Ease of use, quality of pictures and everything else.
Easy to Use, Share Photos
Easy to use, high-quality photos
light weight and uses a floppy disc
easy to use
Ease of use, great quality pictures, variety of choices
much better than a 35mm, ease of operation, plenty of features, great clarity on the LCD screen
Stores pictures on std. floppy, makes copies in the field.
simple and easy to use
its digatal
Reliable, Good Quality, Cheap Storage
Good quality photos
Easy to use, uses a regular computer disc, has a great zoom, nice picture quality
Ease of use, floppy disk storage medium
PC-Compatible Disks, Easy-To-Use, Battery Life, Special Features &amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Inexpensive digital zoom that stores on a floppy
Cheap, Uses inexpensive floppy disks
Easy to use, compact, durable, and relatively cheap.
It is very easy to use.  Takes a floppy disk to store pictures on.
Easy to ues &amp; download,nice screen &amp; zoom, erase unwanted pics
Convenience, file size, battery life.
Got it for a "STEAL", and the quality is fabulous
convinent, pic and choose the pics u want
Easy to use, moderately priced, zoom feature, preview window, and delete function.
Price, image clarity, ease of use
Easy to use, Quick uploads
Saves to floppy; good for those with older computers who don't have USB connections.
Uses a computer disk instead of film.
Floppy disc medium, three flash settings, bright/dim on viewing panel, rugged
 No special attachments needed , 10X zoom, built-in flash, LCD viewer
Battery life, Flash
Batter life, ease of use
Manual flash, automatic exposure in six differend ways, cheap&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Stores images to a floppy disk
Sony top-notch build quality, all the nice features, simple menus, reliable
All of the bells and whistles.  The ability to take black and white or color.
Easy to use, comes with a floppy drive, durable, and excellent battery life
The floppy disk, the ease of use, chicks love it.
Cost, 
EVERYTHING
Sony quality, unlimited storage, great pictures
floppy, rechargeable battery, durable, optics
using floppy disk, long life battery really is long life, simple to use
Ease of use, quality, floppy disk storage
Many different options
Just use a floppy disk
great
Long battery life
Reliable, easy, floppy is ultimate in convenience.
Using a floppy disk then being able to use on the computer makes it easy.
Disk switch out
takes time to save the picture to disk, and if you are saving a MPEG on disk it takes a good 10-30 seconds to write to disk, when trying to capture multiple rapid pictures forget it, very slow.
Excelent close-ups
portable, take it anywhere, just pop in and go
3.5 floppy, easy to use
EASE OF USE!!! no cables, no wires, no fuss
great pics
Absolutely everything about this camera
Easy to Use, Floppy Disk for Film, Anyone Can Use This Camera!
Easy to use, No cable connections needed
Floppy disk as storage media
Saves to Convenient 3.5&amp;quot; Disk 
Quality, flexibilty and ease of use
diskettes are cheap &amp;quot;digital film&amp;quot;, good for web sites, easy to use
it's cool, you can erase bad pictures
very easy to use, portable, fast, Awesome!
Ease of use, many functions
use to take places and you get great pictures
Great pictures, easy storage
Loads on disk,great resolution,easy to use
speed, reliability, floppy disk...
Takes a 3.5&amp;quot; disk
Excellent quality at a reasonable price.
Very easy &amp;amp; fun to use, Great picture quality, Floppy disk capability, Sony quality 
Uses floppy disks
Floppy discs
speed, ease of transport to PC, quality of pictures, worth the difference
EVERYTHING
Stores images on regular floppy disk, Sony Reliability
Easy to use, video feature, picture preview, no cables 
simplicity
Ease of use, Floppy as film, MPEG feature, Built-in image effects
Great quality, features, durability and ease of use.
Durable, Reliable, Good Photos
Easy to use
Robust, very easy to use, good overall quality. Use of floppies is cheap and easy.
high quality, ease of use, stores pictures of floppy disk
Easy to use.  Floppy's go straight from camera to PC for editing &amp; emailing.
Great potential, great price, great feel, great everything.
great clearity, decent price
Easy to use, great pictures, versatile, no "special" cards are needed to hold pictures
Easy to use. Great quality pictures. Simple image transfer process. Good menu system.
Durability, good camera
Handy, very easy to use, floppy disks for easy transfer, durable
CLICK BUTTON WORKS! 
So easy to use, I didn't need the manual.
Gorgeous images, loaded with features, cheap floppy disk storage, and no cables or downloads necessary!
very easy and affordable to use
ease of use, light weight, portability
Very easy to use.
Ease of use
Floppy media, optical zoom, Mpeg capability
flexibility, easy use
Ease of use
Easy to use, great photos, the prints even turned out wonderfully
Inexpensive photos,  rugged body,
use to e-mail photos, no film!,view on tv 
FLOPPY DISK FOR EASY AND VERSATILE ACCESS, MPEG MOVIE FEATURE
Ease, quality, battery power, FEATURES, in a Class buy itself
Ease of use, importability of pictures into most any system
Easy to use, uses floppy discs
Disk memory, battery, ease of use, picture quality
Simple &amp;amp; easy to use!
EASE OF USE, GREAT PHOTOS
Great pictures
Rechargeable battery, easy to use
Easy to use, multi functional
Great picture...easy to use
cost effective, fun &amp;amp; easy to use, rechargable lithium battery, custom-made options
Easy to use, very versatile, excellent picture
Great Picture Quality, ease in use
Ease of use, quality of pictures
Ease of use, Convenient floppy storage, Terrific features, including MPEG movies
Easy to use, Easy to Learn, Quality Photos
easy to learn, uses floppy,play back,good for e-mail
Great pictures. Very easy to use.
Easy to use, great pictures, versitile, no "special" cards needed to hold pictures
memory price -- uses diskettes
Easy to use
Easy disk access
Easy to use, fairly inexpensive, good indoor pictures and I love using a floppy for storage
No film, No film developing costs, convenience
excellent results, low maintenance costs, floppy disks which are cheap 
Ease of use, standard recording medium, macro and telephoto lens, video.
easy to use, quality photos,ready for viewing or e-mailing immediately
EASE OF USE
Great resolutions
Good pictures, ease of use, ease of development, e-mail, quality
Ease of use
FLOPPY DISK !!!!!, durable
See above
Easy to Use, 60 Seconds of Video, Operates via Floppy Disk
Easy to use, simple to transfer images to computer
Easy! interface!
handy floppy disk
Easy to use, good quality picture, zoom
Ease of use, high quality technology.
ease of use and versatility
Convenient and Ease of Use
Easy to use, Uses floppy disks, no extras needed to get up and clicking
Instant pictures that look great
Quick access to pix, easy to use
Ease of use
Uses a disk instead of uploading with cables, etc.
ease of use 
Immediate access to your pictures with the 3.5&amp;quot; floppy disk feature
Great ZOOM, Built in Floppy Drive, Pictures Small Enough To Email
Price, Floppy Disk Drive, Battery Life, Shares battery with Sony Hi-8 Video Camera
uses floppy disk, easy to use
beautiful pictures
fun and easy
the pictures look spectacular
new age photography
Longer-lasting rechargeable battery, video clips and stills, floppy disks usable with many computers
everything about the camera is great
everything
easy storage on simple floppy
great picture quality and easy to use
Good quality, easy to use, uses 1.44 floppies
No film
Can take memorable pictures
Extremely easy to use
Simple to use, takes great pictures, uses 3 1/2&amp;quot; floppy disks
Quailty Photos
Fast, clean, good colors, convenient
great variety of photo options !
special features, easy 3.5 disk storage
Quality, recording on disquettes
Floppy Disc Interface, MPEG Capabilities, 6X Zoom
Easily operated
floppy disk storage
easy to use, quality of pictures, battery life
Fast, easy to use, unlimited cheap storage
Floppys  for  film  AND  easy  to use!
Floppy Disk Film, Easy to Manage, Great Quality Pics, Large LCD Viewport
GREAT floppy format, TV out, high res, good LCD, great features
ease of use, great clear photos, feels good in the hand
Easy, great quality, love the disk in/out feature
Easy to operate, uses floppy disks for film
GREAT picture quality. Floppy disk access is fast and very conveninent
rechargeable battery, zoom lens
High Quality Pictures, Easy to Use, Floppy Format, Great Price
Storage on Floppy Diskette
good quality pictures and movie clips
Endless battery life, nice feel, plenty of features and great resolution
good price. ability to take 15 second MPEGs.
excellent picture quality, long battery life, many extra features
Price, Quality, Design, Easy to Use
Picture quality, Diskettes
Ease of use, no film, easy to use media
EVERYTHING ELSE
great quality. Easy to use. The best on the market
Easy to Use, Sharp photos, good interface
Takes great pictures, makes short movies, very easy to use! 
Ease of use, features 
Ease of use
Love the pictures it takes!
Easy to use, Inexpensive storage media
Crisp, clear photos with extreme ease of use
An all around good camera...easy to use
A lightweight and friendly camera that makes for snapshot taking and easy use.
ease of use, convenience
Macro lense allows photos as close as 3 inches.
Floppys are cheap, good resolution options
feature packed,nice price
Floppy disks, movies, great photo quality, timer, tons of modes and features
Great pictures, easy to use
Easy to use,  Readily available film, Great viewer, ability to take MPEGs,  durable
Wonderful Camera
Great Pictures, Uses Floppy Diskettes, MPEG1 Videos
Easy to use - great shots
Love the motionless zoom!
Photo viewing, floppy disks, light weight
picture quality excellent
Floppies, easy-to-use, great quality pictures
Ease of use, Big LCD screen
Inexpensive storage media, disk copy tool, video as well as still images
easy to use, floppy
user friendly
Convenient, easy to use, good photos
User Friendly
excellent quality
Easy, many controls
Easy to use, great pictures, love the floppy.
lightweight, easy to use
Easy to use, fast, cheap to use, comes with it's own battery charger.
Easy to use and cost productive
EASY! Great pictures and video, too!
To good to be true.
floppy drive, easy to hold, easy to operate
Instant results, great pictures, clear pictures, easy to operate, 
Easy to use, very compatible (mac or PC) rugged and dependable.
simple to use, excellent pictures, uses standard size discs
Great Pictures,Floppy Disc
Quick, Easy, Great Pictures, No Film to Develop
Very easy to use
Floppy Disk Storage, LCD Panel to see Pictures
Takes excellent photos, convenient storage on disks, works with both PC and Macs
Easy and Fun to use.  No software to worry about
good solid camera with floppy disk option
Good quality pictures, stores on floppy disks
Easy to use floppy disk storage, user friendly.
Floppy format simple and inexpensive.  Computer chip does amazing job compensating for poor light.
Easy to use, reliable, fun!
Quality photos, great close-ups and night photos.
Great Picture quality even at 1.3 Megapixel. Floppy disk, nice LCD, MPEG, Lots to list.
Good image quality, easy to use, instantly accessible photos.
Great starter camera. Easy to use plus advanced features.
Simplicity and reliability.  Uses commonly available "consumables"
No waiting to get prints processed
So many Features
Floppy drive for easier transfer between other computers.
quality photos, stored on diskette
Easy to use, inexpensive, affordable media
Floppy disk, good colour
High Quality images
Quality Digital Format
neat technology
same as fd81, easy of use 
great quality, no film or developing costs
Quality, Features, Ease
Extremely versatile camera.
Very easy to use,Great quality pictures&amp;#13;&amp;#10;floppy disc drive makes downloading fast
Easy enough for beginners, plus lots of options for advanced users.
Send pictures in email from any computer immediately
Uses a floppy disk, easy to use
Easy to use, floppies make for easy transfer, takes abuse well
Easy to use, Uses standard floppy disk.
It's just so SIMPLE to use!!!
LOAD PIC'S ON FLOPPY DISC
Able to make Movies, All on Disk (no more film), Great Zoom, and Much More!
stores on floppy disk; a universally available device, wonderful zoom, you can shoot movies too!!
great pictures and easy to use
EZ 2 Use
Perfect for the internet, no cords or flash cards
excellent picture quality
storage medium, battery life, ease of use
Small, light weight, high quality photos
Wonderful Camera
Great zoom 16x, storage on floppy disks, good pictures
Very Easy to use 
Zoom is very good 16x - Floppy Disk saves - MOTION !
The ease and simplicity of getting pictures to your computer.
Usability
Floppy Disk technology
All around excellent
Did I tell you about the floppy disks?
zoom, mini movie, Sony=high quality
Ease of use and accessibility of images
Ease of use.
user friendly, easy to learn, good quality on-line photos
Ease of use, No computer ports used, 
Floppy Disk Storage and much more 
Does every thing I wanted in a camera
use floppy disks
16x optical zoom, mpeg, great resolution, easier to load floppies onto computer
quality of images; ease of use
ease of use, convenient storage media, lots of cool features
Easy to hold and operate
Simple, good quality
Hi-res, convenient file transfer, high magnification, great color.
great for family use and business use
Easy to use and lightweight
Floppy Drive for Data Transfers
long battery life (1 1/2 hrs)
great pictures and reasonable price
easy to use ...  not for professionals
everything
Ease of use - definately
Easy to use, fun to use, and it uses the 3 1/2&amp;quot; diskettes
3.5&amp;quot; disk, Battery life is good
Floppy disk media, smart flash, great value
This is a high-quality camera and is recommended by experts
Great Pictures, Easy of loading into a PC with diskette, 16x Zoom, 1.3 Mega Pixels
Hella Nice Zoom, Uses Disks, Good Quality, Can do motion
Excellent camera
Versatility, picture quality, convenience
Easy to use, floppy disk storage
Ease of use and low long range cost
Easy to use
great photo quality, uses floppys to store pictures, easy to use
floppy disk use; easy deletion; solarizing flowers is beautiful!
Floppy Drive
Floppies, zoom, clear pictures
Very easy to use.  Takes great pictures.
Quality pictures, not bound to the computer!
Extremely easy to use, floppy disks are dirt cheap.
storage medium, battery life, ease of use
floppy drive on the camera itself
great pictures/ease of use
cheap, floppy disks
Inexpensive &amp;quot;development&amp;quot; of photographs, excellent quality (if you choose that setting) and more!
records to floppy, long zoom, mpeg record capability, LONG battery life.
versatile, works with PC and Mac, comes with image enhancing software
Flawless Operation, Beautiful Pictures
Ease of use, convenience of floppy storage, display, optical zoom, interface
Simple file storage, Excellent digital performance
Playback of pictures saved on a floppy
functional,easy to use
Floppy drive, rechargeable batteries
Almost everything
Convenience of floppy disk storage, no film, great rechargeable battery.
Super-easy to use
Easy to use.  Good quality still photos with various options in-camera.
Perfect for the technically impaired-easy to use, no hook up needed.
Unlimited ability to take photos, sharp, crisp, easy to use, Macro ability
Great picture quality, instant gratification! Lots of bells and whistles!
Large LCD Screen, InfoLithium Batteries &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Ease of use, Excellent photos, MPEG capability, Instant feedback
Digital, regular 3.5" floppy disks, easy to use
Easy to use, See your photos immediately
Easy to use, good quality pictures, Cheap storage media
3.5 floppy goes into any computer, delete bad pics, good 16x zoom
Quality / Dual Storage facility / Movies with Audio and more....
easy, clear, hi-res, mini-video camera too
3.5 inch floppy
Sony's battery
Increased Zoom, Manual Focus
versatility of camera features, including manual focus, storage media, quality of images
Durable, trustworthy and resolution is acceptable
zoom, battery life, ease, quality, MPEGS
No additional hard/software needed
easy to use
Excellent photo quality.  Satisfactory battery life.  MPEG compatibility
large, bright LCD, video and audio capabilities
Floppy drive; easy of use; loaded with options
Diskette storage, long battery life, quick recharge
Uses ordinary cheap floppies to store high quality pictures
Camera is so user friendly. Has all the options. 
Many options. Clear pictures. 
Uses floppy disk, battery life, simple to use.
This camera is a great step up from the Sony MVC 71 series
color LCD preview screen, records to standard floppy disks, shot-steadying feature, video recording capabilities
Zoom, Picture Quality, Ability to Create MPEG's, Email JPG Function
Many Many features
Low cost for media and ease of use
no cables required means easier to use
Quality photos, 3.5&amp;quot; diskette media storage, 14x zoom, steady shot, auto-focus
3/5 inch floppy
Uses a floppy disk    Still shots or short movie  
High definition, batteries last up to about 4 hours.
Zoom, LCD display, long battery life, pictures on floppy
mini movies,sound, uses disks, 14x zoom
Fun to play with, bells and whistles
&amp;quot;instant&amp;quot; web shots, great lens, convenient floppies
ease of use,picture quality,privacy,features
14x zoom, easy to use, great photos
Ease of use, convenience of 3.5&amp;quot; disk, picture quality
floppy disk drive, steady shot, excellent picture quality
Great Quality Photo's, Ease of Use, Floppy Disk Feature
instant, easy playback/email, great zoom
Photos instantly on disk
Writes to floppy, Large Zoom
Easy to use
Easy to use, 3 1/2" Floppy compatibility.
Full features of most SLR's.  External flash option
Good Versatility, Lots of Options, MPEG Recording Ability, Floppy Drive (No PC Hardware Needed)
gadget options, design
Uses floppy disks, 14x optical, stabilized zoom lens
Good image quality, Fun video feature, AWESOME feel
Quality pictures, lithium-ion battery, zoom
Easy to use, diskette storage is simple
infinite, free storage, 14x steadyshot optical zoom, 2-hour rechargeable batteries
See above.
Convenience, ease of use, zoom lens
Light, convenient, great zoom
Floppy disk-easy to use
Easy to use, great zoom
Disk Drive Access, Zoom Lens, Rechargable Battery
Convenient, quick, high quality.
full featured, well integrated
Excellent battery life, unlimited storage
Movie mode
User-Friendly, Audio/Video record, Stable Shot, Zoom
Floppy Disk
Pics go on 3.5&amp;quot; floppy, thats the only film
Ease of use, floppy disk format
Easy to learn, easy to use, takes great shots
Quality photos and very versatile.
Convenience, versatility, reliability
Floppy disks, easy to use.
features, ease of use, use of floppy disk
Great Pictures, Ease of Use, Diskette Saves
picture quality
Easy and so fun
Best optical zoom available, floppy media
Zoom, Diskette, size, real camera, video
Floppy disc storage media, 14x zoom (With steady shot), manual aperture and speed control
Good resolution, floppy storage, 14x Zoom, Sound/Movie modes
Ease of use, Floppy disks are transfer media, MPEG Capable
great all around camera
telephoto lens, floppy disks, flexibility
private pictures no problem !
easy to use, cheap media
2x floppy disk drive and Steady Shot
ease of use, floppies, 
Ease of Use, Quality, Features
Quality, Versatility Fun Factor
Easy to use, powerful zoom
great resolution photos, easy to use
Great zoom, Great inside and outdoors.
Ease of use, Floppy disk for film
Easy to use, high quality
zoom lens; stores images on floppies
The best optics! Ease of use.
Battery Life. 3.5&amp;quot; Floppy Convenience
Easy
Easy Floppy, Great Zoom, &amp;amp; Easy to use.
Versatile
Ease of use, Quality of images and videos
easy to use, zoom lense, sony makes a good product.
Versatility, convenience, simplicity
Feels like an SLR camera
dual usage
Quality
Ease of use, features, cheap storage
it takes great photos
Takes great photographs; Many advanced features; Feels like an SLR in your hands; Superior Optical zoom lens
Floppy disk storage, Versatile, Reliable
Great zoom,  perfect for web or email,good battery life, worth the $$
Ease of use, great photos
great zoom lens
FLOPPY DISK, GOOD QUALITY PICS SENDING OVER THE WEB ,LONG BATTERY LIFE,
very versatile, many options the 35mm enthusiast will enjoy
Fantastic lens, easy to get to manual operation
Removable diskette and quick charge battery
Ease of use.
Amazing range of options, good image quality
Light weight, killer zoom, high quality pics, video capability
Lightweight, good quality picture, no special software.
Rugged, dependable, excellent photo quality, intuitive and easy interface with PC.
Tons of options, and great quality, motion video recording, floppy disk storeage, see the pict and erase if you do not like!
Good storage medium like all Mavicas, good compatibility.
Great zoom, good colors
Versatility, economical, easy to use, quality results
Takes great pictures, comfortable to operate, and the functions are clear.
Great SLR features &amp; unparalelled zoom
Nice Quality, Easy to use
Just charge the battery and you're ready to take pictures
Easy to use, pictures are fantastic, can use floppy discs
Excellent picture quality, comes with great software, floppy disks, excellent LCD.
8x optical zoom, memory stick slot, advanced features.
Versatile, easy to use
Easy to use, versatile, great pictures, 5 second video - &lt;i&gt;Need I say more?&lt;/i&gt;
Fun to use, great picture quality, two storage options
quick shot, port capabilities, really easy to use, deleteable images
Takes a nice picture.
Excellent pics, Easy to use.
Easy to use, high quality, versatile
cool, versatile, easy to use, floppy disk, video
nice entry level price, good photo quality, lots of zoom, big screen
High quality pics, lots of zoom
10X optical image stabilized zoom.  Simple to use.
great quality, floppy disk storage, manual/auto controls
Durable - High Quality Images - Night Shot Function
Nice feel - lots of features - 10X zoom - Floppy Disk
Great Photos/Floppy Storage
20X zoom, loads of features, MPEG movie mode
easy
Plenty of good features and a lovely 10x zoom+ 52mm filter threads
Just wonderful
thru the lens viewer, can use floppy
10-20x zoom is AWESOME
Biggest zoom lens available!
Ease of use, picture quality, convenience and price of file transfer media (floppy disk)
good quality, easy to use
Good Picture Quality,Floppy recording,Great Zoom
Floppy storage, incredible zoom, view finder
Lots of features
All, the zoom, easy to use, and the resolution.
Great lens, excellant quality
Quality of photos; Ability to change aperature and shutter
High Quality, Good Optical Zoom
ease of use
Nice and flashy 3.5&amp;quot; disk for film
Excellent picture quality!
Floppy disc is a plus, Nice Zoom Features.
Sweet Camera, Nice Features
The Zoom, Ergonomics, Battery Life, and Picture Quality.
10X Optical Zoom Lens, very good resolution range, plenty of features.
Great zoom Good Quality
Great for distance.  Able to save or delete pictures.
The print quality is great 
Highest quality printer 
high quality images, ease of use, built in ethernet
High quality copies and low maintenance costs
Excellent color output, easy to use, solid color technology
Beautiful color quality
vibrant colors, cheap prints, easy maintenance, free black ink.
good for all types of files and formats, easy to use
fast, vibrant colors, reliable, 
Fast, Network Ready, Great Colors
:  fast, vibrant colors, reliable, 
0
excellent quality, durable, good on consumable
excellent image quality, large media handling, built in ethernet
What can we say.... we think it's pretty cool :)
Amazing quality color pages; low maintenance cost.
Excellent reliability, a workhorse
Ease of Use, Great Flash &amp; Zoom Options, Easy To Navigate Menus, USB
Price, easy to use, good quality photos - perfect for web images.
Small and easy to use.
Inexpensive, several functions, easy to use
Good shape. Decent price
Easy to Use.  Lightweight.  Tough shell.  Optical Zoom.
LCD screen, Menu,Ease of use
Lots of easy to use features, spectacular picture quality
Jam-packed with features, Low Price!
3x optical zoom, video output jack, price, lens options, EV control.  
cheap. Easy to use.
Great pictures. Easy to use. Battery options.
Cheap
Quality craftsmanship, well-packaged, fully featured, sharp optics
Good picture quality for the price.
Great Daytime shots. Functional Status display. Good Zoom.Easy to use. Firmware upgrade capable.
Affordable, Small, does not EAT alkaline batteries!  Excellent value. 
Price, Size, Optic Zoom, Easy Navigation
Price, optical zoom, bright outdoor photos.
cheap 
Full Featured - Easy to Use!
Simple to use. Decent picture quality for price.
Has a good feel to it.Good pics at med &amp; above resolutions
Great price for great quality!
low cost, good image quality, no additional cost for AC adapter
Easy To Use &amp; Clear, Great Pictures!
I think this is a best buy at about $200.
Size, tough case, bright lcd, goof first camera!
None.
It gave Toshiba the bad reputation it so richly deserves.
Speed, great outdoor pictures.
Excellent quality pictures, very easy to use and my first experience with digital photography.
uses SmartMedia, USB removable storage mode, RCA out
Everything
High quality pictures, easy to use, FAST
Ease of Use, Quality of photos
good price, good resolution, easy to use
Lots of features, good quality, fairly cheap
simple operation, great price, superb image quality
size, easy to learn, easy to use, configurable, multi-flash and multi-frame photography, short waiting time between pictures
Comes with everything you need, easy to use
small, sleek, excellent picture and color quality, inexpensive
Easy to use,small,good resolution, comes with the best software we have ever seen
Easy to use and sharp pictures
Fast burst photo mode
ease of use, high quality images, fast downloads via USB
Low price, high resolution, durable, Toshiba name, pocket siz
good quality for a good price
Small, lightweight
Ease of use, many features
Ease of use, fast transfer of photos to computer, 2 MegaPixel, AC adaptor and rechargeable battery included
great camera, great price,  great features
Cheap, great quality pictures
great images and interface
Size, quality, price, ease of use
Picture quality/ speed of transfer/boot up
Quick power up and simple to use, easy controls.
ease of use, small size, easy to transfer images to the computer.
easy, fits easily in a purse or some bigger pockets, price
Compact and sturdy case, USB Connection, Inexpensive 2 megapixel camera
In-camera battery recharge, picture quality at 1600x1200, USB &amp;amp; Serial, ease of use.
Small, Quality Photos, Cheap, &amp;amp; Modular
Size of camera, image load time, in-camera options
picture quality, boot time, reliable, included rechargeable battery
Fast USB connection, Can take &amp;quot;fast&amp;quot; moving photos, Instant Delete
high resolution;built in,rechargeable battery; easy to use
small, lightweight, solid, fast, and versatile
inexpensive, quality picture in daylight, 2 megpixels, fast download
Fairly easy set up and to use.
Easy to use, rechargeable battery, movie mode, auto focus.
zoom, fast, size, design
user friendly, great computer pics, many menu options
Great picture quality, rechargable battery, view monitor
Ease of use, great bundled software
price-easy to use-quality of picture
Included accessories
price, 2.1 Mpixels, movies, USB port, internal memory, 
good price, decent photos, very easy to use
lots of features, extra battery, can record movies
Easy to use, VERY clear pictures
Easy to use &amp;amp; awesome clear pictures
Light weight, good software.
USB download, many great features, easy to operate, fun
good value....nice feel....versatile
Almost as fast as film, high quality pictures, easy to use bundled software, strong durable construction, cheaper than comparable cameras, Toshiba brand, and zoom lens.
High Quality pictures, easy to use software
Sleek design, accessories, mail-in rebate
easy-to-use, smart image manipulation software, good quality images
great output, easy use, fair price
Unbeatable value
Good resolution, great zoom, easy to use, USB connection, great price, movie capability
ease of use, daylight photo quality
Easy to use.
optical zoom, integrated flash
Good pictures, easy to use
easy to use, good quality
good pictures, easy to use
High-quality, full motion MPEG recording, multiple photo pixel selections, super-strong rechargeable battery
USB, rechargeable battery, LCD screen, makes short videos, great software
Great camera, cheap media, nice pictures, powerful options.
Least expensive 2.3MP camera available
great picture quality
Decent image quality, cheap, USB, 128MB SmartMedia support, clear LCD
Good picture quality
Easy to operate, good quality outdoor pictures, sliding lens cover
Low Cost, Easy to Use Macro Mode, Simple Menus
Sharp vivid colors, easy use
Great pics,ease of use,Good price
Without all the problems, it's pretty easy to use
Will let you know how patient you are
Rapid Picture Functions, Ease of Use
great pics at affordable price
good features, appearance, price
Easy to use
Outstanding image quality, great options, fantastic price/quality ratio
Nice, easy to use
Low cost, good specs for the money.
Excellent quality, options and ease of use with a good price.
Excellent quality, Ease of Use
Excellent picture quality
Great Pictures
Great Pictures - Terrific Price
great image quality, low price
Astounding image quality
lightweight, ergonomic, great picture quality, uses smart-media memory card
Excellent picture quality, easy to use
Inexpensive, under $425.00.  Excellent quality, abundant features, extremely convenient, fast, good software. &amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Picture Quality, features, USB connectivity, included accessories
Image Quality, Complete Package, Ease of use
Ease of use, optics, full+timer+shutter logic + sound + video
A tough camera that has taken a real beating from me. 
image quality, video w sound
Great Images and Flexibility
Features, Price, Flexibility, quick picture taking
Easy to use, excellent quality pictures
Great pictures, easy to use, good price
standard flash-sync port and complete manual controls!
Great AVI system 
excellent pictures even in low light, fast
Easy to use. Fast. Beautiful
Ease of Use, Crisp Pictures
Cheap, combination camera/camcorder, software
Excellent color quality, high pixel rating, makes movies and more!
Many program modes, movie and animation capabilities
Menu driven, Sony CCD, Cannon lens, EASY hookup to computer, voice recording, movies
Great picture, great options
EXCELLENT QUALITY, EASY TO USE, BEAUTIFUL PICTURES
overall quality
Quick time to to first shot; Good picture quality; small &amp; light.
Low price.  Convenient size and shape.
It's cheap, easy usb connectivity, compact and very portable. 
cheap, simple, good software package
Good colour, lowest price megapixel camera
Ease of use
Easy to use
fun and easy
Small, affordable
Great all in one package for a starter digital camera.
great quality photos, great software
Easy usb connection
ease of use, software, weight
Model 1800 1.3mp. Nice pics, Sony CCD,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;USB, Fast SmartMedia change. Battery economy.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Model 1800 1.3mp. Nice pics, Sony CCD,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;USB, Fast SmartMedia change. Battery economy.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
Great Price, Average Picture Quality, Relatively small, USB Connectivity, 4MB Memory
Cheap, Actually takes pictures. 
Cheap, decent photos, easy to use software.
Easy instructions and software.  Compact, durable and light-weight.
Great bang for your buck.  Inexpensive. 
Small Light Digital Camera with Great Program
Small size and price, takes decent daytime pics for emailing.
compact, nice looking.  Good price. That is about all I can really say 
Small, inexpensive, has flash, good picture quality for under $100.
Light weight, uses AA Batteries, Win XP compatible
NO FILM REQUIRED. Small enough to fit into a shirt pocket or on belt., 
Takes 100 pictures
Cheap, light-weight and small!
Small, a snap to set up and use, under 50 dollars.
Ease of Use, compact, and most importantly, inexpensive
Great battery life!! over 1000 photos so far. Good size. durable
Inexpensive, fairly good quality, works as digicam and web cam
Not bad for $50, holds 70 pics, takes good pictures depending on where you are.
Inexpensive, durable, compact
Small, cheap, some decent pix
Inexpensive Digital Pictures
inexpensive
Small, lightweight, includes good software
Dirt cheap, fair picture quality, nice for the kids, seems sturdy enough
price &amp; style
Good price, fairly easy to use and upload pic's to the computer, has LCD screen for viewing photos
inexpensive, nice LCD display with decent options
easy to use
Cheap, digital, simple to use
easy to use, software easy to install
Not too expensive
low cost
Cost
Easy to use, inexpensive, viewfinder (with option to turn off), great customer service
NONE
Good digital camera for the price paid.
Great Digital Camera for beginners.
Nice camera, good packaging, small
Good Pix in strong light.  Priced right.
Excellent resolution and color, very user friendly, very little shutter lag.
good quality pictures and .avi video considering resolution and cons!
Great color and resolution, good resolution on avi video.
Image Quality, Compact Size, Easy-to-Use Menu
Ease of use, High Quality Images, Very small and appealing
MAC friendly!! Easy to use, small and compact, great  price, great photos, love it!
Cheap, has timer, nice case
Easy to use, light, good quality of photos.  Capable memory. 
Easy to use.  Excellent pictures.  Automatic features make a beginners pictures look great.
no film, digital display, flash, good pictures, fun to use, TV and computer compatible
Fun, Easy to use
Great price. Easy to use, and pictures are great for a camera for its class.
Crisp picture, prints premium quality 5x7's and smaller
Its digital.  LCD size.  Fair features.  Good price.  Good pictures.  Use while AC power connected.
price, picture quality, reliable
Very easy to use and not very complicated
Great Price. Ebay has a lot of them.
Great Pictures for the Price, easy to upload and use
Looks like the pictures should be nice
LCD Display,T.V outputs
Good prints, works with XP
Cheap, Easy to use, CF Memory Slot, excellent quality on daylight
Great Pictures, Awesome Flash, Small size, Easy to use, Inexpensive
Great camera for the price!  
Good Pictures, Flash, Software Photo Suite 4, Compact, Easy to Use
Price; has a much better lens than disposable cameras or cheap 35mm cameras.
Compact, easy to carry, sharp pictures, very easy to operate, can control the flash.
Inexpensive, compact flash compatible
Easy to take photo's with. Good quality photo's for the price.
Great Picture Quality, easy to use. 
Great picture quality during the day and in good lighting. Excellent interface.
Great camera for the advanced user as well as the beginner.
LCD screen
Price
Fairly Compact, easy to use, expandable, decent pictures
Great features for the price.
Easy to use, AUTO Focus, Fast Downloads to computer, fantastic pictures, excellent price
4 INK CARTRIDGES, CHEAP,WARRANTY
Price, Separate ink cartridges
Price
Cost, replacement ink costs
very easy to use, great quality for the price
none
Convenient size and configuration; easy setup and install.
cheap - $50 / good quality print/ individual color cartridges
Cheap, good quality printing
Price.
small, good  quality, cheap
Great Value, space-saving, ink saving, high quality
High quality print, easy to use, individual ink cartridges and a very low price.
Fast printing, good text quality printing, trusted name.
Text clarity, speed, affordability, size
Good quality,
Compact size
fast
Super cheap, super fast, brand name.
Small footprint, silent, good software support
Good graphic quality, good speed, quiet, great price
Xerox name; low-cost, reasonably fast
size, speed, noise
quality, size, reliability
Cheap, small footprint
small footprint, large paper capacity, it's built in ability to directly attach 2 computers for sharing, its industry leading 3 year warranty, and its low cost make it and ideal printer when matched with an ink jet for graphics
Nothing
quiet, easy, great quality, fast
Value for money.
cheap purchase price, low cost ink
price, quality, warranty
Easy loading, quality printing
Like I said before .. It prints great
Inexpensive, good quality text, easy to use
compact
Excellent Warranty from an Excellent Company
Price, great technical help
Inexpensive
inexpensive, 3 year warranty
good software/ easy install/can be found cheap.
good print quality
cheap, small, few parts, easy
Quick, Handy, Lightweight
none
jack of all trades
Made by Xerox...an American based 
No pros
Reliable, Good quality
price
Price
Great machine at a good price.
so many functions that all work great
Does it all!
You get a printer, copier, fax, and scanner all in one machine!
This machine is a work horse, it does it all!
Printer, Fax machine, Copier &amp; Scanner
Cheap currently selling for $99
Inexpensive, Quick, Easy to use, Good Functionality, Easy to replace ink
Easy to use - especially for the "computer almost-illiterate!"
Ease of Setup, Overall Print Quality
Clear print and copy quality
Good Multifunction, solid performer - when it works
Cheapest Flatbed-Scanner-Printer
Nice Design, Makes brilliant copies
Print quality, bundled software, Xerox quality, ease of use, versatility
Handy when it works.
Handy when it works
Laser Printer and Legal Flatbed Copier
When it works, it makes for a fine laser printer.
great size
Great price for a flatbed laser
Warranty, good price, fast
cheap initial
4 in 1, great price, small, good quality
Tells me when toner is low. Flatbed scanner. Flatbed fax. Fast printing.
Good size.  Fairly easy to set up.  Good quality prints (when it works).
Compact, versatile, easy to use.
Color copies look pretty good
Compact, cheap and dependable.
cheap cost
great looking documents, easy to use scanner
good quality, copier(color+B&amp;W)/scanner/printer
Decent Package for less than $200.  (The price right now probably drop below $150)  
3 in 1,, fairly cheap,, easy to use
inexpensive good features
High quality, the convenience of combining several peripherals, USB allows placement far from your PC.
Prints, Scans, Copies, all in one 
Simplicity in operation, cost, and print quality
small size, good software included for free with the unit
Good price, All-in-one machine, High resolution, 1-year Warranty, Made by Xerox, color copier
Fair Price, Very good Photo Printing,
Good printing capability
Easy to use, powerful, cheap for the machine of its class
A great all-in-one machine!
Quality printing, scanning and copying
Works Well, very quiet, Much improved resolution, pagis pro software good!! 
Flat-bed scanner
Excellent price for a multi-task machine; Compact size; Quality output
Scanner/Copier/Printer, USB and Parallel Port, Good Software, All Around Good Package
Price has come down, affordable home/small business all-in-one machine.
phone looks nice, easy setup, most necessary features included
Excellent sound from earpiece; elegant design; beautiful (if not superlative) screen
Small for a flip phone, dual LCD displays, sturdy, easy to use interface, includes headset
Great Phone With A Great Layout and Design
Durable, Stylish, Clear Screen, Great Sound
Toughness, navigation ease
Very simple to use, great battery life, very durable, comes with ear wired ear piece.
Long battery life.
Small, stylish, vibrant color display, AWESOME RECEPTION, external display, "voice" keypad sound (makes it unique)
Looks cool, reasonable price.
nice flip, pretty, colorful, cute ring tones,
It looks good (yahoo...)
It was free...that's all.
See above
Talk/standby time, software/memory features, screens, Bluetooth and USB,  Four GSM frequency modes
Ultraslim aluminum metal case, bright display, Bluetooth, loud speakerphone, internal antenna
It is cool, speakerphone, options, size, bluetooth, sound
Stylish, well-built, excellent interface/menus, great functionality, performance, large screen
great graphics, 4x pictures, skinny phone
nice display, large phonebook, easy to use, wonderful design
Thin design; Stylish; Customization features
Maximum Cache and features, including blue tooth
Design, size and weight, user-friendliness of basic functions, large & vibrant screens.
THIN and light, Excellent sound quality, stylish.
Brilliant Design, clear and sharp screen, MPEG4 playback, Quad band support, Bluetooth
Solidly built, with a host of features.
appearance and design, Bluetooth capability, speakerphone, brilliant display
Big screen, long battery life, voice recorder and themes
Great design, aluminum case, large screen, speaker-phone, MP3 ringtones, standard USB connectivity
Great reception and excellent battery life
Stylish, small, large LCD.
Good reception, strong signal, large sized keypad, good call reception, speaker option excellent.
Top notch quality, Excellent reception, Camera, Aluminum frame, Well thoughtout design
Light in hand, loud in ear, easy to use functions
the best camera for the price.  Flip phone, sleek, sturdy, highly customizable, bluetooth, world GSM.
Thin
a trendioid's wetdream, hotness on a stick, light
Looks, Weight, Durability.
Gorgeous design, magenta color and excellent reception. Easy bluetooth pairing with a Mac.
Awesome design, light weight and thin, feature packed, friendly interface
Sleek design, attractive color and graphics, lightweight. fairly user friendly, Bluetooth
Solid, sounds good, good reception, reasonable feature set, Bluetooth
It's sleek, thin and stylish, but there's where it stops.
Cool Factor goes to "11"
Thin, Lightweight, and Looks Sleek.
Looks good, thin
size, appearance, and features.  A winner.
cool, sleek design.
Thin, light weight, good reception, clear sound, great speakerphone
Pure awesome, and that's coming from a man who hates cells.
See Below
big screen, new shape, metal, bluetooth
Easy to use, sturdy, bluetooth rocks!
Slim profile, small size, well constructed, bright screen and good audio quality.
Size, weight, large display, stylish
Features, Size, Styling, Reception
Slim, good reception, Decent Camera, cool looking
Lots of smart features though does not meet the definition of a smart phone.
Amazing design, Bright Clear Screen, Great Camera, Great Phonebook
Slim, HUGE Screen,self timers portrait, thin buttons, neon looking button, extremely stylish,
Great Sound, Signal-Strength, Outstanding Displays. A.O.K Verizon
Slim, light, cool looking, calls people
Sleek, lightweight, great big screen.
Slim, user friendly, good battery life for size, clear sound, and unique mod style.
Nice screen, camera, all those other functions.
It fits in small purses nicely...
COMPACT AND THIN! BEAUTIFUL PHONE! HAD TO HAVE IT! GREAT SPEAKER!
It's lightweight..that's all!
Big Phonebook Capacity, Stylish and Sleek, Lightweight, Bright Screen, Bluetooth and Speakerphone
Attractive phone, unique design, very portable, large display, crisp call quality.
The LCD display and key pad functionality are excellent.
Sleek, sturdy design. Good sound and speaker.  Relatively simple to use.
Super sexy design. Beautiful screen. Bluetooth.
Size
call quality; reception; speakerphone; screen; aestestic; battery life; durability; build; keypad; overall user experience
Pretty. Fashionable. Thin. Light. Bluetooth.
Design, Factor, Look & Feel, Phone Functions, Bluetooth
Sexy look, good battery life, customizable interface, well working speakerphone.
Pretty, Great reception, Quad-band GSM.
Good looks, slim design, great battery life, large display
Quality, Usefulness, and Looks wrapped up in one phone.
classy design, bluetooth, speaker, loud sounds
light weight, pocket size, easy to use
Pink!, Great reception, Web enabled, Good battery life, Easy, Good camera, Good memory, Bluetooth
Sexy, easy to carry in pockets, aluminum casing
Slim, Battery (2 Days), Much better than the usual Motorolla's
Looks spiffy, clean lines, small, lightweight.
very nice exterior design
Screen, camera, easy to follow menus, lot more features than I will probably ever use.
Nice looking ornament - look else for service that isn't CINGULAR.
never drops calls, great reception
None - given all the great alternatives
sleek, small, durable
Sound, feel, weight, screen
Slim. Beautiful.
Slim design
pocket sized, reliable, big screen
Fits in your pocket, easy to use.
great keypad, flip, voice dialing, style.
Looks cool
Small size, lightweight
Screen is bright. Better camera
Looks good
Looks good, very convenient.
looks
Great RF (better than my other phones), feature rich, solid design/build, flashy, lightweight
Great deal on a very sharp phone!
Using mobile phone tools, take any song and make it your ring tone.
Looks, easy to use, durability
Slim, light phone, good reception, great graphics and functions.
Has bluetooth capability.
Those with low self esteem might feel popular from attention this phone gets.
FLAWLESS
Thin, great sounding, extra features like video, camera, etc.
Design
Size, features.  Has the items I want in a phone
Best phone since Startac
The sound on the phone is great.  I love the speakerphone.
voice quality, can use it on my vacations oversea's, great design and look, very light.
Cute design
Slick looking, great menu interface, good features, great reception everywhere
Great phone with superior battery life
Put it in your pocket and you won't even notice it's there.
It looks good and comes in a variety of colors
Bluetooth compatible, able to get ringtones easily, and small but tough.
Cool ring tones, easy to use
Loud Speakerphone, MP3 Ringtones, Good Battery Life
Long battery life, bluetooth headset, lots of features.
overall great looks and usability
Looks cool, super compact, makes you feel like Bond, Bluetooth and MP3 ringtones
Beautiful look, easy navigation, slim
Small, nice camera, video (T-mobile) has real LCD screen. Lots of storage, clear speaker phone.
Neat design
Small and sleek. Takes video and photos. And holds a lot of files.
Very high quality, Good features and gadgets, excellent signal reception
sleek, great options, buttons, and big display.
Great design
Compact
Slim, Light, Great Signal, Easy to Use
Looks cool.
Its the best phone available on th market.
Slim Design, Camera, Bluetooth, Internal Antenna, High Res Display.
Nice looking.
camera, phone features, style
Slim and looks cool
look, size, reception
Sleek durable
Looks, Ringtones, "pocket sized"
Everything
cutting edge design (no pun)
Light, compact, and easy to use
thin enough to put in pock, trendy, long battery life, stores a lot of numbers
Sleek, thin, USB connectivity, nice screen, good speakerphone
sleek
Small in size
Sleek, stylish, clarity is great, nice ringtones, great speaker...
good design and easy navigation
Thin, sexy, bright display, all the bells and whistles
Sleek, slim design and blueooth
Beautiful looks.  Sturdy.  Good battery life.  Gadgets and gizmos.  Loud speakerphone.
Feel, look, battery life, has all available Sprint options, durable, friendly interface, excellent phone
Looks, durability, weight, reception, speaker phone, volume, Java API support, blue back-lit buttons.
Sturdy and reliable. Scratch and Dent Resistant.
Great all around product...meets the needs of most people...for pleasure or business...
Great looking phone, changeable face plates.
Speakerphone, very easy to use.
nice selection of ringtones, speakerphone!, hold feature
Good initial battery, plenty of basic features, lots of ring tones, good call quality
very durable.  good speaker phone.  easy to use.
Clear speakerphone, ease of use, size, chic looks, simplistic factor, ownership cost
small, nice blue backlight, various features
nice size, nice color screen, good reception
Solid; good sound quality; fairly easy to use; good battery life; flip design
small, sound quality, color screens
Standard headset jack.
Weight
Aol instant messenger, web access, speaker phone
Excellent display and sound, good range of features
communication capabilities, MP3 ringtones, extensive support from Sonyeric enthusiast community, value4money.
Smart, loaded with features, superb user interface, compact and light.
MP3 Player, Colors, Bluetooth, and it comes with 41mb better than most phones
Excellent audio, good looking, reasonable keyboard, very nice screen
Bluetooth, Infrared, JAVA , compatible with applications, affordable, play MP3s, MP4s, 3GPs, AMRs, camera
great battery life, hidden antenna, great camera, light, low price
Call clarity, great reception, solid feel, fast and responsive OS
Fun, completely customizable, works great!
Great speakerphone, reception, loud ringing   vibrating/lights simultaneously, nice organizer features, great phonebook, display
The lights, the battery life, the pictures.
Small, great volume, flexible options. Love the speaker phone
Clear and loud ringtones, bright colorful screen, long battery life
Reception, sound quality, tons of features, well-built, easy-to-use UI
Good battery life, loud ringtones and vibrating alert.
size
Excellent little mobile with an added extra, a built-in Camera!!
Great sound. Small and light weight. Good photos.
This is a fun phone until it breaks.
Compact, light, and easy to use...
small! sounds good! sturdy!
camera is easy to use
Easy to use, many features, compact, good sound and battery life
Buttons, Size, Look, Sound Quality
Good incoming voice clarity, lightweight, pretty good size color screen.
does all the phone functions adequately
Good Talk Time, Camera, compact, flip phone.
Cute, portable; one-key vibrate; camera, video features; survives repeated falls
Light, compact, stylish, easy to navigate and full of features
flip phone design, small size, color screens, built-in camera and flash, video capability
Flip phone, fits easily in a pocket, easy to use, durable.
-cute phone
Size, style, customization.
Durable, Easy to use
Easy to use
Easy to use, small, good quality
Small size, camera, worked fine before breaking
Descent price/battery life/camera.
Long lasting battery, speed dial, crisp screen
size, many ways to customize settings, voice dialing
Great reception and battery life, GET IT NOW, easy menu style
Looks nice.
Extremely durable, easy to use, plenty of memory and functions.
A nice phone that survived a complete wash cycle and hot dryer.
Loud ring
Simple phone to use.
Good Price, very clear and large color screen, extendable entena
crazily durable. NEVER breaks. pretty, cheesy graphics. think flowers and sunny skies.
OBEX capable Bluetooth, MP3 ring tones, Speaker phone, texting, Picture and E-mail made easy.
Nice idea
Full QWERTY keyboard, index finger typing, candy bar design flips open, Bluetooth.
QWERTY keyboard, neat design
overall appearance, keyboard, camera, mp3 ringtones
Qwerty keyboard.
Sleek, great form factor, has a keyboard
integrated camera; solid speakerphone; 65,000-color internal display; Bluetooth; works with PC and Mac.
Lots of functions
Cool design and durability
Great looking and excellent call quality
Easy to use, good camera, good speaker phone, not too expensive, solid battery
See Review
It makes calls, takes pics, has bluetooth
Style, quality, features, graphics, capabilities, clarity
Excellent size and feel. Sound quality and reception have been great.
Great style, solid built, easy to navigate.
-Camera and Video
Small, nice solid flip, lots of features.
Features, fairly compact, inernational.
Excellent reception, bluetooth works well for my purposes, the rubberized blue coating is very nice
Motorola reputation, solid phone, clear sound
Very good features, fun to use, durable, excelent signal, Bluetooth capable, nice screen and size.
Large screen, voice dialing, Bluetooth compatible, Camera and Video ability.
Looks good, solid, nice display, good pictures.
Color screen is excellent
Sturdy, speakerphone
Great feature set and decent reception
Aesthetics, Speakerphone, Battery Life
GSM Quad band, PC Sync, Bluetooth, EDGE, signal-voice quality.
Great signal quality, Great value, Good battery life, Good durability
looks good, good voice quality, good bluetooth, good camera, nice buttons
Everything, I love this phone!
Rich feature set, bluetooth, camera w/video, strong signal
Solid quality, good reception, fairly sized keypad, can receive calls in office, home. Good speaker.
Attractive, Bluetooth, Camera, Web-enabled, MP3 Ringtones
Camera and video functions
Motorola, easy to use, volume, mp3 ringtones, camera
Solid construction. A lot of features(most I never use)
Good user interface.
Excellent call quality, bluetooth, clamshell form factor, sexy face plate.
Reliable, easy to use, good datebook functions
Flip phone, bluetooth file transfer, mp3 capable
great phone overall
got it free from my dissatisfied sister in-law, now I see why she hated it.
most wanted features at an affordable price.
Feels good, solid, nice screen and easy to use
Size, cost, camera and video
clarity, still+video camera, over-all appearance of phone, speaker phone, voice-activated dialing
Nice camera and other various upgrades.
ergonomics, pretty
Bluetooth, Speaker phone, Big Address Book, Camera and Camcorder, FREE, seems to be solid phone.
Not a bad phone, with lots of good features
Nothing good to say at all
battery life, cheap, motorola, can drop from over 6 feet and wont break
Small, lightweight
none
Clarity is excellent and it holds up to heavy use.
easy to use,text messaging,camera phone
The bluetooth and connectivity  is excellent.
Pleasant blue color.
Features
size, camera, flip style, easy to read/navigate.
small
Flip phones are a good thing
size and weight
Weight, Volume, Bluetooth, Sync with Outlook, External Antenna Port
It's excellent all the way around......when it's working properly.
Can't think of any.
Bluetooth is good, nice UI
size & style
Bright screen, camera/video, OK reception
???
Great features, nice screen, good camera and video.
a very sleek looking phone
Bluetooth, speakerphone, EDGE, skins, mp3 tones.
Camera is not bad...takes adequate SHORT videos...sufficient talk time.
Still looking
It's blue.
voice clarity, ease of use
battery life, solid feel, lit keys, reasonable camera, speakerphone
Good reception. Looks pretty.
The features are cool I guess.
Flip/Camera phone; Caller-ID; Get It Now!; Cool Ring Tones; text friendly; charges quickly.
vibrant screen, picture quality is awesome, cheap phone
Many features, VGA camera with sliding lens cover, speakerphone, voice commands
Battery life, speakerphone, camera lens cover, and the ease to customize the phone
Value priced for Features
Great features, tri-mode capability, dependable.
Lightweight, good speaker phone, nice user interface, good battery
Very Durable, Long Life Battery, Great Signal, Camera, Color Screen, Speakerphone, Good Design
Text messaging buttons, good menu layout, good contact system
Feature variety, battery, durability, price.
Camera, Speakerphone, Voice commands, nice screen, Verizon has great service.
Cheap, easy to use if you stick to basics, color screen, battery life, audio
O.K. if free with service or under $10.00.  Good clarity on calls.
Great Camera, Speaker phone is clear, Lightweight, Lens Cover, Good Reception and Battery
Have dropped it a bunch of times with no repairs needed
features
size, cool factor, big screen, features
Great camera, good reception for calls, voice activated for when you are driving
CONS outweighs any pros this phone had.
Functional (Vibrate & high mode, etc.)
Cheap price, Pretty durable, Decent battery life
User friendly
It was cheap with the rebate
Selection of wallpapers, bright display, loud speaker
A decent basic phone, good capacity memory for contacts, decent basic camera.
compact, easy to use, good feature set
Triband, user-friendly
Nice features.
Very Durable, takes reasonably nice pictures, reasonable price. Doesn't drop calls.
Signal strength, ease of use, color display, camera, ring functions, style
Voice commands are very handy while driving.
Color screen is nice, menus easy to navigate.
Many features, good battery life, camera, speakerphone, Cheap
easy to plug in...
Durable, Great colors, fun features
Takes good pics, camera flip phone
reception/camera
Great reception, Long battery life, Photo & video capabilities, Rotating camera lense
great sound, easy to use, nice camera function for a phone
Good audio quality, battery life, keypad - Photo/Video/Internet, 2 screens, large memory, advanced configuration possible.
Easy to use. Camera and Video camera. Great talk time.
Long battery life, lots of features, real music ringtones, small
Amazing design, sleek interface, camera, planner, audio, video, 500 contact list, internet browser, swerve cam
Large Memory, Great Pictures, Beautiful Crisp Display, Multiple Functions, Great Service
The build, sturdy, tough, rotating camera, huge interior lcd
Good sound quality, Large display, openwave mobile web compatible, video/still camera
Amazing camera, very durable, easy to use.
Feature rich, easy to learn and operate, great call clarity, great battery life.
Picture and sound quality, storage space, durable, flash,
Easy to use/Battery life/camera and video.
good battery.  built like a tank.
Great display, good feature set, solid performance overall.
Nice Design, easy to use, add ringtones and games. External picture caller ID
Functionality, internet capable, design
great digital video, camera, loud speaker, and very good reception.
Video Capabilities, Reversible Camera Lens, Large Color Screens, Great Audio.
backlit QWERTY keyboard, still & video camera, mobile messaging, IR port and more
Battery life, Bluetooth, PC Suite, Features
Great features, good battery life.
Small, has qwerty keyboard, internet capabilites, durable.
Reliable, nice backlit keyboard, bluetooth support
keyboard, video, camera
easy to use, sensitive, full keyboard
The keyboard is really the only good thing.
Different connectivity options.  Compact.  Extremely practical.  AIM service.  Quadband.
Clear reception, Color screen, speaker phone
Good color screen, attractive blue color, nice keypad
Great battery life, nice look, durable, and nice looking color LCD.
Small; Nice bright screen; Reliable; Good reception
SMALL, LIGHT, LONG LIFE
Very durable, good stock ring tones. Long battery life
Great phone when it works. Durable Good Battery life
rugged, long battery life, easy to use, good audio, built in speaker phone
Has everything I need in a phone and  more
Good feel in my hands. I like the size too.
Nice color screen, cheap, good for basic use
Good quality phone at a very reasonable price
Large buttons; low price; loud ringer; good reception; large display; good menu system
Rugged, solid construction; simple to use, good basic PHONE features, nice screen.
Simple to use, feels solid, very durable.
Good phone with modern features but not a lot of the headaches.
- Easy menus
long talk time
Battery life, nice screen, good overall basics, relatively cheap.
Study, long battery life, good reception, good Nokia menus
reliable and rugged
Easy to use, great sound, free & a rebate
Sturdy, basic phone. Low price. Great quality.
Just a phone, more durable than most, good display size, good battery life
Rubber pads kept it from flying off my car when left on hood accidentally.
Colour screen,great battery life , awsome games , very good reception ,
Guess it's better than others
signal, battery, wallpaper, design
Good loud ring, Nice size and screen
Super durable. best reception I've seen with great voice clarity. A working mans phone.
Sturdy, holds a good signal, ringtones are loud.
Reception, clarity, easy to set up and use
Easy to Use, Good Battery, Good Reception
More features than I expected.
Nice feel in my hands and very durable.
Good size, great reception
Gets a signal where most phones can't.
Good Simple Basic Phone
Feminine qualities. Sleek design. Clear, colorful screen.
durable, compact, good battery life
-$100 cost!!!, lightweight, small, clear sounding, feature rich phone
Good voice-dialing
Great voice recognition, speakerphone, & functionality.
Voice dialing/command interface
voice command, speakerphone, customized home page
Great as a phone. Excellent sound, clarity, signal strength, volume. No dropouts.
Good connectivity and sound, good keypad.  A solid choice if you want a no-nonsense phone.
- Compact
Easy to use, Great Price, Good Sound Quality
Great Speaker phone. Great Voice dial Feature.  Easy to use.
-Camera phone
Voice dialing and recognition is exceptional
Durable and decent looking
Voice dialing, name dialing - no difficulty recognizing speech
Excellent Camera
Ive listed the pros in my review
light, cool-looking,  camera, internet access, speaker, calendar, alarm, text/pic messages, GPS
Was free when we signed up.
Not much.
Clock works good.
Good sound volumes and speakerphone works well. Real unhappy about the battery situation.
Tri-mode
Reliable, Good Phone
Solid, reliable, great sound quality, and cheap.
Tough, compact, styling, ease of use
Excellent coverage, solid phone, good AM-radio quality.
Durable, standard features, walkie-talkie, color
It's more capable than some cheaper phones, but the durability is the major selling point.
Motorola always produces solid well built products...but...
Nice phone, feels durable.
can direct connect easily, tough
Durability / Customer Service
bright color is easily found, easy to respond to direct connect, compact and rugged
Very strong design, ease of use, clear display.
Rugged case, PTT Capability
you can throw it againts a wall and it still works {kind of}
Rugged
light weight,colorful,durable,great service,no lost calls
Lightweight.  Stylish.  Direct Connect.  External Speaker.  Nextel.  Done.
PTT capability, rugged casing, rubber grips on side
Very good Phone
Excellent clarity, sharp photos, video w/sound, easy to use, durable
It does so much
A good overall phone.  Excellent reception, loud ringtones, beautiful inner display.
Intuitive button menus, t9Word text software, 2 big beautiful color screens, camera with flash
Raw features, fairly well-built interface
Color Screen/Speaker Phone/Sound Clarity/GPS
pretty good looks, internet enabled, speaker phone
Unbreakable!  Good reception and easy to use.
Color screen, ok service.
It's a flip phone big deal.
walkie talkie service
in a nutshell: glitz, glamour, sass
Durable build, tons of options, responsive menus, great reception
Bluetooth Connectivity, High Quality Speakerphone, Tri-Mode, Large Display, ObeyMoto Feature
comfortable to use, many well-developed features
The best reception I have ever had. So many features.
Amazing reception, great speakerphone, very nice voice dialing.
Great speakerphone, voice recognition, display, reception
Reception is GREAT!
Sturdy, good reception, decent size.
Huge screen, great sound, easy to use, solid
Clear, bright display, easy to use.
Bluetooth, speakerphone
Highly versatile and powerful.
Hey!  The calculator works!
MP3 assignable ring tones, TransFlash memory
Big, bright screen.  High speed. Great speakers.  Camera, video camera and light. Battery life.
Big enough you could break your car window with it if you were trapped?
Beefy build, Loud enough to be heard, Decent display, Decent keypad layout.
ergonomics, keypad feel, good reception, display is very good
Large clear LCD, loud speakerphone, bluetooth, good reception
Reception, bluetooth, speakerphone, ObeyMeMoto voice recognition.
Bluetooth, 1.2 megapixel camera, large clear display, MP3 player, Transflash data card
Nice screen
Cute, Professional, and it has LOTS of features!
EXCELLENT RECEPTION!  LOTS OF FEATURES!  EASY TO USE!  A++++
-Bluetooth headset included
Great phone, full of features. Fantastic screen.
Sound Quality<p>Ease of Use<p> Camera Quality
Amazing signal strength, Nice LCD and easy BT pairing.
Great look, good features, awesome memory transferring, cool voice dial feature
Bluetooth
Good sensitivity.  Good sound quality.  Good battery life
Great reception and good battery life
Amazing piece of technology developed by Motorola
Metal housing, triband
Compact, works in flip mode.
Wide screen, durable construction
Pull up antenna, voice dial, screen easy to read, dust covers for headphone/memory card slots.
Sound,Memory card, Bluetooth
Improved reception, Compact design, Lightweight, 65K color display.
Small size, Battery life, Color screen
Backlighting, clear reception, fewer dropped calls, excellent display
Small size, bright color screen, and long battery life
Good functions, easy to use, fun wall papers.
Color screen, looks cool, menu system, small.
I suppose it is "cute" for a phone.
Small Size, Color screen, loud ring tones, easy to use
great sound quality, excellent features, stylish looks, small and compact, durable
Lightweight, color screen, great sound quality, and fun!
Color quality is good, easy navigations through menus.
Good reception, sharp picture, very small.
Easy to use, great navigation system, great color screen, outside display, stylish & sleek
Size, display, easy controls
Overall design, colorful display and lights, backlit external LCD screen is a must.
small, durable, dual band, built in calendar features and AOL IM,
small, compact, lightweight, beautiful screen
Neat color screen, ring tones and wallpaper. Plus the service is great.
Great sound quality, battery life
Cool looking, even when it doesn't work
sleek, durable battery, pretty
Color screen. Flip phone.
Durable, lightweight, easy to use
Infra-red, Color screen, Polyphonic ringtones,GPRS
Clear screen, great outer screen, easy to use, easy to press buttons, great reception!
compact, long battery life, clear screen
The screen is big and bee-yoo-tee-ful!  Picture quality is surprisingly awesome for a cell phone.
Slides smoothly.
Reception, Contact List, Tri-Mode
Reception, reception (two antennas), data capabilities, Nokia support
Listed in review
- good reception. I seem to get a signal on this phone where many other Verizon users get none. This  ...
Awesome Reception, Extra Features, Phone illuminates, a Great Phone for Anyone!
Reception! Reception! Reception! Simple interface. Large antenna. Inexpensive.
Reception and durability make this Nokia 3589i the best that Nokia has made to date.
It Has a wonderful signal reception efficiency which makes it better
Fine reception with weak signals and surprising durability!
Reception, Battery life, color screen, downloadable features.... I can go on and on....
Good reception, large bright screen, good backlight, sturdy feel, modern look
Cute, small phone. Large, colorful screen. Good speakerphone. Easily fits into small purse or pocket.
it's tiny. seemingly indestructible. decent signal. VGA camera in a phone.
Feature-rich, web-enabled, sleek look, speaker-phone
small, sleek looking, eye catching, simple
speakerphone, lightweight, very small, loud ringtones
Small,like a rock,design,through t-mobile!
Small, light weight, you can load ring-tones, pics, surf the web.
cheapest phone to buy with a camera and plays cool ring tones
You can mix your own ringtones. Good coverage, and rock solid.
Camera, video, button opens up flip, spotlight, picture ID, HUGE color screens, seems scratch-proof.
Stylish, light, feature packed, huge screen
Camera, External Display, Large Internal Display, Speakerphone, Records Video, Flip Button
GPS navigation is great(extra fee);Small size
All the usual calling features and looks. Takes a beating. Average battery life.
One of their better phones, smaller with camera feature.
Camera,Spotlight,Picture Caller I.D,  Huge_internal_screen,just about everything_on_this_phone_is custimizilebe,button_opens_flip,Great_speaker_phone.
Ease of use, GUI, look, feel, weight, versatility, cost, Nokia reputation and quality
Clear, well-lit display; functionality; size; ring volume; long battery life.
Quality, Cost, Durability, Size, and Weight
Reception, clarity, small size, speakerphone, Nokia menu system
weighs 3.5 ounces, lightweight, easy to use keys, equipped with AOL instant messaging
Good speakerphone & reception, good battery lifetime
Great for basic features, good text messaging
Small
Simple, small, great reception.
* Size
Color, AIM, Good Reception
Menus are very well designed, speakerphone, great color screen, small, durable.
Great battery life, good reception, excelent speakerphone, IT S A NOKIA!!!!
Some nice feature
picture phone, fast charging, camera easy to use, lasted 2 years
Speakerphone, ease of use, small size, camera, durable
Dependable, Affordable, Great Battery
It comes in a variety of colors
fairly durable, relative to the disposable-america products out there nowadays...
Has Camera, Text Messaging, Digital & Analog Band capable, Voice Memo Recording.
voice quality, easy to take pictures, small size, good speakerphone
Speaker phone
Ease of use - speaker phone clarity and a very helpful Sprint customer service.
ease of use, battery life, good brand, good price!
Charge time is fast, speaker phone
Cuteness factor-cute multicolored bouncing lights on the front, tip calculator, loud enough
Call Quality, Earpiece and Handfree volume, Picture Camera, Robust Contacts Application, Built-in Camera
Good Sound Quality and Rare dropped Calls,Fairly Simple to Program
compact, snub antenna, good sound, color display, built-in camera, nice looking phone
more than adequate cameraphone, good service
Features, Vibrant Color Display, Get It Now, LG Reputation
Small, calendar, exterior screen, one-touch silence, quick/simple volume control, lockable
Compact flip-phone with nice color screen and good digital call quality.
Great Features, Advanced Phone Book, Camera, Battery Life, Look, Color Display, Endless Functions
Great reception, camera is easy to use, very reliable
loud, clear reception, flashy looks, cool camera and awesome features.
Internet access, rather useful camera, good styling, well designed flip feature,and attractive.
cool colors and lights, easy ignore, great volume for rings and earpiece
Battery life, durability, good photo quality for the year it was made, T9 text messaging
Easy to use, solid build.
Design, Features, Call Quality, Signal Strength, Camera, Ringer Volume, Web
Compact, good clarity, easy to use.
Small, great reception, good screen, good battery
cute design and good sound quality, long battery life
LOUD ring, easy navigation, overall fairly user friendly, cute looking
Nice design, loud ringer, good volume control
Small, durable, great reception, clear graphics.
Small phone, good battery life.
Color Screen, Camera, Call Quality
Display is great.  Size good.  Stationary antenna.  Nice side buttons.  Menus easy navigation.
easy to text or send pics to email or phone
Features, voice clarity, reception, camera, durability
Great Design
Easy to use. Great, intuitive menus.  Rugged, hardy design.
Overall Nice phone
Great color display, integrated camera, call quality
pics and im
Nice size for the features available.
Umm... the little colored lights flashing on the front LCD?
They've stopped making them.
Durability, signal, sound quality, camera, size, email pics to yourself.
Some what attractive design.
Small, Light Weight, Takes Pictures
tip calculator
Ultra lightweight and compact, easy to use and awesome clarity.
Polyphonic ringtones
Styling, user interface, battery life, infra-red communication, integrated speaker.
Extremely small and light, Bright color screen, full-featured, great sound quality and battery life
Great display, great signal, nice design, GPRS, infrared port, Java
battery life, size/weight
really small and sexy
One piece design,contoured shape,performance,menus are intuitive,rugged.
Size and weight, features, screen quality
Small, bright screen, looks cool and professional, lots of memory to sync with MS Outlook
Small, cute, reliable
colour screen, poly and mono tones, java application or games, IrDa, MMS...
Cheep, good quality, good battery life
lots of cool features,color screen, and i smoke weed out of it
Slim, Simple, Good Features, Good Battery Life, Good Quality.
durable, lightweight, and easy to use
Color screen, cool key pad design, built-in wallpaper with customization available
Light, Durable, Long-lasting Battery
Great features for the money.
Very sturdy, colorful and nice ringtones, modestly priced and good battery life
Small Size, Great Battery Life, Good Sound Quality
excellent sound quality and battery life, lots of useful features, fun games
Attractive design, satisfying features, the backlight!
Great color screens and feature packed
small and lightweight. Sturdy and dependable.
Color Screen, Games, WAP Browser, Polyphonic Ring Tones, Price.
Inexpensive, easy to use, color screen, changeable faceplate
Color Screen, Small/Sleek Size, Customization, Colorful Faceplates, Lots of Features, Cheap! $$
Excellent battery life.
Nice phone, stereophonic rings, color screen
Color screen, excellent battery life, endless features
Polyphonic Ring Tones, Color Screen, E-Mail Capabilities
Convenience.
Cheap!, Color Screen, Battery Life, polyphonic ring tones
color screen, size, clarity, good signal
Color display, polyphonic ringtones
Compact
Color screen, easy to handle, like its shape
Easy to use, good service, cool features
excellent reception, sturdy, and light weight
reception,voice dialing,easy to use without book
battery life and call quality.
Good features when it worked
Price, voice dialing, reception
Excellent reception. Easy to use. Intuitive. Good voice quality - built in equalizer. Not ugly.
WAP, Pictures, Games, Downloadable Content
Have not really found any I could say
Price, camera w/flash, reasonably intuitive controls, speaker phone, many other features
Not a bad camera for the money, some features are nice.  Cute little phone.
Price, functionality, camera.
cheap
small enough to fit the COIN POCKET of most bluejeans.
Cheap, Simple, Easy to Use, Has a Camera if You Need One
Style and ease of use, when it works.
-Small
Good camera, speaker phone and voice recognition software are a plus.
Speakerphone
Better camera location than the 8900, Takes good pictures at 640x480
Alarm, stop watch, ect.
Good reception almost anywhere
Good camera
The camera is okay
You have a choice of how the time is displayed on front of the phone.
Cheap. Good Layout.
The Camera pictures are better than other camera phones.
Great entry flip phone and Virgin's Mobility Plan
Speaker-phone, easy to use
Size is nice, easy to use all and all a good phone.
I love the phone book and many features on the phone
Nice compact Cellular Phone!
new technology you can use it in 120 countries global, very small, voice options.
Great for the global business man
Constant Signal No Matter Where I Am
Sexy Phone, Works Everywhere in the world, SMALL!
great UI, tiny size, nice design, internal antenna, infrared, vibrating alert, 2-way SMS/email
Easy to use menus and navigation,  gorgeous backlighting !!
Tiny size, battery lasts and lasts, simple menus
Stylish, with many features.
Small, lightweight, cool, voice dial ability, predictive text input
small, stylish, dualband GSM for world-wide use
Tiny size, world wide coverage, SMS and picture messaging. Great menu system
Small size, extremely sleek and cool, hi tech
Small Size, GSM World Phone, Sleek Design
Very stylish, well-made, very small and light, and global (900/1900)
Nice look, great technology, and awesome features
very small, very light, very cool, very convenient
really compact, very stylish, voice dialing, beautiful backlight, global support
Voice dialing, Predictive text input, Small size, Ease of use.
Sleek and Small
Small, sleek and simply cool
Supported in over 123 Countries, Long Battery Life, Great Reception
Need i say more
The best looking phone out there.
Superior Performance, Incredibly Small, Classy Styling, Feature Packed
Honestly the best phone I have owned. Voice dialing!
white backlit, activated slide, voice tag
Smart, easy to use, the ultimate 'lifestyle' phone
Looks SLEEK against my Cheek
Infrared features, nice design, nice ergonomics, nice class
The best looking phone I've seen
global access
Battery life, sleek design, cool blue lights, extremely easy to use, nice size, nice charger
Elegant design, world phone, solid body feel.
Looks way too good...
Slick, small, easy to carry, operates oversea
Everything!!! It has class, style, function, durability, portability!!
Size, Looks, IR Modem, Global Roaming, Battery Life, Voice dialing, User Interface
Worldwide GSM,&#13;&#10;Ultracompact size, &#13;&#10;Attractive brushed-aluminum casing, Infrared modem &#13;&#10;
Small size, call quality, signal strength, aesthetic quality
size, weight
Light weight&#13;&#10;Sexy&#13;&#10;rare&#13;&#10;glows nicely
Features, Design, Look, Size, Durable, Antenna, Cost for features.
Stylish, Small, Comfortable, Professional.
World wide access, great features, small size.
Lightweight, can use in 120 countries, voice activated.
size, looks, classic interface
Small, stylish, sleek, easy too use and well worth the money.
Lots of range
TOUGH, beautiful, classy, works great at home (Hawaii) and when I'm in Europe, love it!
design, weight, reception
I loved all 3 I had in the first year
Lightweight, can use in 120 countries, voice activated.
can be used in over 120 countries, light, voice dialing, cool looks
Light, changeable faceplates
small and compacetstyling
Compact
Looks great
Cool colour, illumination light, size, weight
A very solid phone with great looks&#13;&#10;Easy to use
Everything
Light Weight, Stylish, Alluminum paint finish
Sleek style, intuitive functionality
SMALL SIZE,COOL BACKLIGHT,NICE ONE HANDED SLIDE,ATTENTION GETTER
Very stylish, light weight, durable, external antenna for better signal.
Metal Build, High Fashion Design, Great Reception, Great Audio, Simple Design
This Nokia retains the user-friendly set-up plus the convenience of a worldwide phone.
small, elegant, long battery life
Easy to use; Compact & Lightweight; No antenna; Color Screen with animation!
Much like my old Nokia 3360 that I was happy with. Great new features too!
Small, compact and lightweight!
Color, Color, Color.  Battery Life and Great Reception.
FREE!, fantastic reception, great battery, color screen, polyphonic ringtones, Java games
Sleek, packed with features, light on fluff
Lightweight, great quality, no antenna, color screen, great battery, cheap price
Color screen, great price (free), fairly stylish, polyphonic ring tones
Fairly reliable; excellent battery life; easy to use
Good reception/durability, color screen, excellent battery life
battery life, games, price (free), inter-face
Like all nokias, colored, buttons (I liked them)
Train whistle message tone, color animation, ease of use
Sleek, Stylish, Compact, Lightweight
Loaded with features, nice and durable phone for low price.
Color Screen, Interesting Keypad, Ringer Selection and Sound
Great color screen, great battery life
color screen, battery life, organizer
Good battery life, nice screen, keypad is easy to use.
Display, functionality, reception...the list goes on...
Rugged Body
Durable,good display,good reception,no antenna,good sound,
Color graphics, sound, battery life
Battery life, sound quality, display
battery life,  service,  durable(dropped it many times), excellent features, easy to use.
Free with T-mobile
Games,design,NO ANTENNA!,color screen
Color screen, long charge on battery, under-the-cover antenna.
Durability and call quality
It's immune to water?, looks cool, easy to use,
Color display, games, web-browser, everything else.
Nice fit in hand and a nice bright screen.
Basic styling is nice-looking and great feeling, and it's got a color screen!
variety of ring tones, wallpapers, and visual-audial effects; backlighting; storage space; full features
Small, Light, Color Screen, Good Batter Life
lightweight, easy to carry, good features,user-friendly
Small size, vibrant screen, long battery life, one solid piece, good clear calls
Standard interface, sharp color screen, nice features, clarity and good range
sturdy
compact; lightweight; ease of use; modern features
Many options, good reception, lightweight.
Good reception usually, very easy to use, works most of the time.
Good design; cool extra features like speakerphone, USB connectivity, & AIM
Looks nice, crisp display and very clear sound quality, great battery life
Speakerphone, blue keys, stock ringtones, and screen colors.
If you are getting this phone for free, it will meet your expectations.
Compact, USB port, MP3 Ringtones, Full Web Surfing, Speaker Phone.
Looks cool, ease of use, awesome front panel view, flip, comfortable, speakerphone
Small, nice key arrangement, tri-band
Size and weight, clarity, decent battery, a ton of features
light weight, long battery life, small, very cheap
Does everything a phone is supposed to do, excellently.
one touch dialing, auto-on, speakerphone functionality
Loud earpiece, mp3 rings, games, speakerphone, battery life
Speaker phone, outside display, coloured display on inside
Reception acceptable. Good for international. Battery good.
Makes a decent paperweight during a light breeze
Good interface, is cute and has lots of features.
Nice look, low price
many features, though superfluous
I wanted a basic clamshell design and liked the feel and ease of use.
Nice and compact
Small, sleek design
NOTHING!!!!!
Looks good
Looks cool, nice menu system, great color screen.
COLOR SCREEN/ OUTER SCREEN/ SPEAKER PHONE
can add photos, music and much more!!
Light weight.
Easy to use. Quick assesable menu, and hotkeys.
Long, Long and I really mean long battery life, small, good reception.
Speaker Phone, Has a nice feel
Small, easy to use
Size, ease of use, ability to link to PC for backup and faxing.
You can hear well, easy to operate, loud ring tones, good reception
It has speakerphone, text messaging, and a color display
Small, cool looking but nothing else about this phone is good
Looks cool
I got it free with a rebate from Cingular.
small, caller ID/ clock on outside, durable
small, light and loaded
Sleek design, color-changing covers, light and compact, impressive features, long battery life
stylish, strong marketing
tiny size, customizable, mimics a PDA, still very &quot;hip&quot;
Size, battery life, features.
Small, Did I Say Small? Like A Little 6190
a reliable and sturdy phone with many advanced features
Small size, customization with faceplates.
Small size, great design, interchangeable faceplates
Lightweight, Pop off faces, Infra-red
Small enough to carry in my pocket
Very small and light weight
Goes anywhere. Nice battery life, and packed with powerful features.
Easy to use and hold, great new web features, long lasting battery, great sound quality
Small, voice activation features, active infra-red port
SO stylish, AWESOME features!!
Tiny size, battery lasts and lasts, simple menus
great looking, good reception, tons of options to choose from.
Really small, easy to use, good clarity when there is reception
Small, Stylish, Brand name well known, many functions&#13;&#10;
small size and portability
Small, lightweight, internal antenna, voice dialing
great UI, tiny size, nice design, internal antenna, infrared, vibrating alert, 2-way SMS/email
Small, affordable, small, voice dialing, SMALL!
Size, Customizable, Clear LCD Screen
Looks sleek
Overflowing with features.  Small and compact, almost forget you have it.
Light, Feature Packed, Customizable, Easily fits in pocket
high powered, compact, style
The size, the features, the style
perfectly portable
stylish, customize it, fits-anywhere size
Small, lightweight, T9 text input
Great selection of features, user friendly, stylish.
Clear and user friendly
Tiny, tons of features, you can customize it, user friendly.
Virtually every feature.
tiny, can use 6190 home and car chargers, comes w/ headset
Lightweight, Voice activated, Small, Long Battery life
Sound Quality, Reception and features.
Very small, portable
Size,appearance,IR port
size, changeable covers, features, battery life, custom rings, infrared
Portability, extra options, styling.
Small size, smart interface, IR port, changeable faceplate covers screen
small, loaded with newest features, good talk/standby time
Great Reception
Size, Talk-Time, Features, Durable, Stylish, Easy to modify, etc.
rugged, small, looks cool, changeable faceplates
Very light and good reception
Extremely compact, feature packed, intuitive design, tough as nails&#9;
Stylish, Small, Long lasting Battery, Interchangable Covers, Good Voice Quality, No annoying Pull Up Antenna
Numerous &quot;kool&quot; features! Packed with goodies! Light weight and inexpensive!
Small, long battery life, changable faceplates, GSM features
Soooo Sexy! Really long battery life, perfect size, games, interchangeable covers, so many features
compact size, durable
small size, very cool-looking, excellent menu system and user interface, awesome battery life, voice-activated dialing
Small, lightweight, easy to use
Small, light, trendy, many buttons, text prediction, many faceplates, infared
small, VERY easy to navigate through!  LOVE predictive text!
ITS A NOKIA
very light, color change covers, nice battery life, games and other features
Small size, UI, Features, battery life
Great size, functionality, and easy to use menu system.
Small, elegant, changeable look, dirt cheap, and excellent reception
Strikingly beautiful
Small size, good features, customizable look
small, cool and perfect companion for wireless folks
size, weight, build quality, sound quality
LESS EXPENSIVE, HE LEARNS RESPONSIBILITY, CHANGE COLORS WITH FACE PLATES, CHANGE ACCOUNT TYPE TO MONTHLY PAYMENTS LATER
Small, voice activation features, active infra-red port
Small size, vibrating feature, internal antenna
small, light, data capable, IR port, T9 text input, changable faceplate
Size, style, headset
Small size, calendar, long battery life, and most important, the look on your friends' faces.
Size, Infrared Port, T9 predictive text
Everything, clarity...etc...
Small size, light weight, decreased radiation emissions
It's a Nokia
Long Battery Life, Great Color Covers
tiny, lots of features, great clarity
Small, light weight phone
Small, Stylish, Portable, Functional, Easy to use...
Small size, easy to use, stylish
Tiny, reliable, intuitive.
a very handy piece
Small Size
small, easy to use, cheap
IR Port, &quot;Wearability&quot;
Signal,Features, everything!
Small, many functions
weight, compact, easy to use, features, reception
Small, light, many features, easy to use, long battery life
Sleek, tiny, and can change to your taste
Excellent features, compact, very user-friendly
unique, easy to carry
Small, lightweight, battery life
Small, extremely portable, stylish, lots of features
Small Size
Size, Talk-Time, Features, Durable, Stylish, Easy to modify, etc.
good
Small and lightweight. All the features you really need in a cell phone.
small, pretty, loads of features and accessories
small size, cool look, headset
light weight, voice dialing, vibrate, active IR port, easy to use, & more!
Small, extremely light, good voice quality, good reception
Small, Light, Easy to use, Excellent Reception
Charges Quickly, Small, and Easy to Use
very light weight
Compact Size, no external antenna, blt-in vibration
small size, no annoying antenna, includes vibrating battery
light, small, voice recognition, good battery life
Small size easy for men to carry in their pocket.
Size, Features, Causes stares =)
Small, sleek and effective.  Great battery life.
This phone can do more tricks than a magic act!
cute, small, can change the looks, more ring options
Great Size
tiny size, excellent national coverage, very cheap, great sms features
Size, Talk-Time, Features, Durable, Stylish, Easy to modify, etc.
Cheap among 8000 series
This phone is so technologically advanced, that everything on it is a Pro!
Small and light
it fits anywhere
tiny, changeable covers, animated menus, voice dialing, infared
Light, small, user-friendly.
Real fun toy, and cute too
Packed with great info and software
Light, Sexy
Small, packed with features, high &quot;sex appeal&quot;
Tiny size, very light, great screen, Nokia, good reception...
clear, the range, the cost, the size
Small, Loaded with features, easy to use, fun to play with
Lightweight, small, over 5 days of battery life.
Great Size, Very convenient, Extremely user friendly,
Nice!
Smallest size, great functionality, great reception, SMS & predictive text a breeze, good battery life.
The Size, Lots of Features,Lots of Ring Tones
very good phone
Lightweight, small, long talk time and standby time
Small package delivers great performance
TINY, good battery, decent price, excellent menus, QUALITY construction, faceplates
Lightweight, great 007 impersonations
size, features, quality
special tones
the cooliest
looks great, small
Reliable, compact, stylish, multiple really useful features...
Stylish, Small, changeable cases
Memorystick Duo slot, digital camera, big screen, PC synch, MP3 player, jog dial button, Bluetooth.
Design, Symbian OS 7.0, Camera, Quality, Keypad, Memory Stick Duo, Everything Else...
Form factor, PDA features, Internet access
PDA, Color, Bluetooth, GPRS, Camera
Advanced device with camera and Tri-band phone.
neat charger, battery life, memory sticks, games, internet, keypad, camera, all other features...
Excellent PDA and phone functions, nice design, very reliable.
Tons of functionality/features for it's average size.
Relatively small form factor for the class.  Very comprehensive features.
PDA with World Phone, terrific connectivity (IR,Bluetooth,GPRS,WAP)
digital camera, big screen, colorful
Phone, PDA, Camera, Internet Access - all in one device.
High tech, small, great warranty
Wide range of features included
Cheap
Long talk time; Nice display; Good sound and commands
Sleek, improved from 4400, better battery life, good screen, belt clip improved
Size, clarity of voices from speakerphone, crisp color screen.
Voice activation technology is great; speaker quality is superb.
Voice activation, nice screen, looks good, good reception
It looks nice.
Great speakerphone, two LCD's, downloadable apps, plenty of ringtones.
Fantastic voice recognition, voice commands, reception, clarity, size.
Great call quality and reception. I love Driving Mode !!
Solid construction, large well spaced buttons, great speakerphone, landline quality sound, loud ringer
High quality speakerphone, voice recognition command technology, Get-It-Now enabled
Great phone
All features i need for everyday communication
Lightweight, slim, good feature set, good screen clarity
Nice displays, well thought out
speakerphone, loud ringer, multiple phone numbers for each contact
Great basic phone - Verizon service and signal
Cute - neat speaker phone.
Attractive phone with loads of features.
Speaker phone, voice quality, Intuitive operation
simple to use, clear screen
excellent speaker phone, durability, easy to use
LOUD ringer, speakerphone, cute icons for callers
Quality construction, good shape and feel. Decent address book. Good speakerphone.
speakerphone, caller ID, small in size, each caller has own ringtone
None!
STYLE, COLOR, WEIGHT, AND SERVICE
Speakerphone, good price, light weight
Big Keys, Crisp Screen, Easy to Use, EVERYTHING !
loud speakerphone, customizable features, user friendly, looks good.
Great speakerphone, wonderful voice recognition.
Nice color screen with simple easy to use menu.
It makes calls.
4,096 colors Display,
reception, battery life, speaker phone
Durability, Clarity, Battery Life
Reception, Battery Life,Speaker, User Friendly
The phone has worked super and is relatively easy to use!
RECEPTION!!!  Visibility, size
Battery, big screen, navagation wheel,
Strongest Signal of any Sprint phone!
Small size, well built, high-res display, FM radio
Small, light weight, cool blue screen, high resolution screen, well built, and business look.
light, tiny, well constructed, fast charging, high res screen
Small, light, full of features, great battery life.
Size, Nokia UserInterface, features
lots of features, compact size
Small, light, easy to use
compact, stylish, many features like wireless web, games, sms and more.
High resolution screen.
Extremely sleek, sturdy design; hi-res screen.
Nokia knows how to build solid cellular telephones
Small, Great Features
Size, Battery life, Radio, Easy to Use
Lots of talk time; Smallest phone I have found; GSM; solid construction
sweet and small
Great reception, compact, intuitive, all the Nokia features we know & love.
see above.
Rugged, good looks, good battery, excellent reception.
Good RF performance.
Super durable, quick battery charge, great screen colours & resolution, volume variability
Rubber lining/grip, speakerphone, outside display
Rugged, bold looks. Good text messaging.
Durable sides (rubber) and sleek design.
I cannot think of any.
battery life, works ok with most phone centric web sites, decent speaker phone.
Easy to use and navigate.  This phone is a great asset
Small size, easy to use, camera option, email capabilities, good battery
Quality polyphonic ringtones, decent camera, good reception.
Sleek, Small, Ease of use
Small, slick looking, great screen indoors
Almost unlimited features in a tiny, colorful camera phone!
Screen, BlueTooth,Size, Price
Battery, screen, camera, organizer
Design, built quality, all that features
Design, quality, color screen, size, conference calling, price, 'stickies' notes, SIM copy, USB connectability
Camera, phone book, games, 'internet'
Sleek, solid build, beaucoups functionality.
Fast and easy menu system, beautifully large screen, TONS of features
Crisp, bright screen / excellent sound / Bluetooth / superb functionality
Lots of features, camera, very small size.
Gorgeous screen, cool body design, very easy to use camera, IMAP/POP email client.
stylish, convenient to carry, large display, lots of features, sturdy build
Feature packed, jog dial is very handy, excellent big and color LCD display
Small size,65,536 screen,bluetooth,ect
Intuitive menus, sleek design, good balance of features
Picture function delivers, has alarm function loud enough to wake me in the morning
Sexy and well made. Long long long battery life. Sounds great.
Small size, good durable battery pack, voice controls.
cute, lots of goodies, can transfer photos to my bluetooth computer in a snap
Relative durability, aesthetics, size, connectivity, features, camera
Connectivity thru Bluetooth/Infrared; Elegant, sexy design; Battery life; Signal strenth and call volume; Pretty.
quality finish and solidly built, attractive large interface, Battery lasts loooong time
Camera, audio recorder, calendar, notes, customizable themes, good reception, clear audio
Durability.  Interface design.
graphics,camera quality.size. colour quality. Good ringtones and volume. Many features.
Earpiece volume, battery life, gee whizzy factor
Shell design, vibrant screen, Bluetooth, camera, Swiss-Army like features.
Very light weight, useful features, excellent quality.
Stunningly sleek looks, compact and sturdy, camera, good battery, great sound
Small,  easy to use,  nice features, easy and flexible connectivity to PC etc.
Superior features, Bluetooth, camera, call quality, design and small size with big screen.
Screen, Features, Quality
Jam-packed features; Inexpensive
Small size, voice dialing, great options, bluetooth, free at AT&Twireless.com
Sleek and chic, internal camera, good clarity of sound, bluetooth, classic Sony features.
Durability, Big Screen, Bluetooth, Infrared to many too list!
intuitive operating system, easy to use, good battery life.
size, bluetooth
Good looking, user-friendly menu, lots of features, good fast-charging battery.
Compact - nice camera - buttons accessible - looks good.
cool looking
Small, Nice Color Screen, Looks Cool.
Quality feel, user-interface, ease of use, camera quality
Design, build quality, battery life, sound quality
Small, good camera, BT, nice WAP browser, joystick control, excellent RF, nice screen, world phone
Small and light weight, good camera, sharp/color screen, tons of features, good joystick
Highly customizable, excellent feature set, compact size.
Small, color, battery power
-good looking
Generous features, High Resolution screen, Camera easy to use.
small, slick looking, good battery, easy to use
Small. Camera is easy to use.  Bluetooth included. Color screen.
Small size, features.
looks, size, camera, 65K screen, GSM America
Bluetooth, built-in infrared, built-in camera, compact, internet, long-lasting battery
Modern Design, All the features, does life get any better?
One of the few remaining high-end handsets that is still just a mobile phone.
Tri-Band, Small, Slim, Lightweight, Excellent Interface, Bluetooth, WAP, GPRS, Excellent Battery Life, Highly Expandable
Extensive features, options, and accessories
Menus are easy to navigate. It has bluetooth capabilities and it's from the late 90's!
All the features the average user needs, nice color screen, changable faceplates
Sleek Design, Acceptable Ring Tones
Nice basic cell phone, with excellent reception and battery life
Inexpensive handset that has good battery life and clear call quality.
durable, cute, nice no-frills phone
Durability, simplicity of use
Relatively user friendly, free with contract
Display, overall size. Cool blue keypad light.
good long distance reception, nice display, cheap
Key lock, great volume, good battery life
Excellent ergonomic design,reliable and efficient.
Compact, handy.
Sadly, the most useful thing about this phone is the Tools functionality (Timer, Stopwatch, etc).
Looks good
Color Display, Play games, Check your E-mail!
Great battery life, good speaker phone
Sleek, stylish candybar-style phone with great reception, lots TALK TIME and loads of features!
Amazing Battery Life and call quality
It has brilliant color,internet access,300 name phone book
Battery Life, Signal Strength, Spacing of Buttons, Sound Quality
Great battery life.  Call receptions much improved over my other phone.
Good battery life, nice display, loud and clear speakerphone
Flashy/trendy new features, large color screen, call screening
Many features, color, long battery life, enhanced phonebook/phone log, instant recording
Fantastic reception; very long battery life; feature packed; speakerphone; easy to use intuitive menu.
Color screen, good reception, good battery life
Color screen, excellent battery life, polyphonic rings, large screen
Ability to hold onto signal... :)
Cool features, great reception, long battery life
Awesome battery life, integrated speakerphone, color display
battery life, color display, clarity
weight, battery life, easy to use, can be used as MODEM, voice dial, speakerphone,
Excellent reception, Intuitive menu, speaker phone, excellent voice dial feature.
Color Screen, Price
Excellent color screen, battery life and reception quality.
LONG battery life, bright screen, sounds great, good range
Reception, Lite charger,
Color, long battery life, seems compact enough for me
Great battery life
great battery, looks neat and has a lot of cool features
Nice Color screen, backlit, navigation menu's, battery life, lots of features.
1) Amazing battery life..it runs and runs...
Reception, reception, reception!!!
Color screen
Color Screen, Battery Life, Holds on to a signal! Speakerphone!
Battery Life,Clarity,Price,Color Screen,Durability
Great Signal, good Features, easy to use.
Great signal, great features, ringtones, computer hookup
Battery life, Color screen, ease of use, Weight
Color screen, new games, ring tones, internet.
Battery life, ability to hold a signal, promotion price, color screen, speaker phone
Durable. Firmware upgrades easy. Quality reception and sound. Numerous accessories readily available from web vendors.
Great battery life & convenience of speakerphone
All around good phone, easy to use, nice display, good reception
Excellent battery life, color screen, and strong reception signals.
Features, crystal-clear reception, tv-like screen, clarity, it's like having a phone, Gameboy, PDA in one!
Great interface, great reception, lots of features, PC connectivity.
Battery life, speaker phone, durability, reception, voice calls
QWERTY keyboard, speakerphone, FM radio, distribution lists, voice dialing.
Many features, keyboard, color display, excellent quality sound, performance and design.
Full QWERTY keyboard and speakerphone.
Full QWERTY keyboard w/minimum size. Tons of customization options.
Innovative flip-out thumb-board, color screen, integrated FM radio, email client, high gadget factor
lighted keyboard, big screen, easy numeric keyboard.
The first phone to combine a kickin' set of features with user-oriented design.
Features, display, tuner option, form vs function, EVERYTHING
Full keyboard, exstensive battery life, tons of features
Durable, Speakerphone & Great Quality
Astounding design allows for flip to a full "qwerty" keyboard. This enables easy text messaging.
Fold out keyboard, good display
qwerty keyboard, color screen, voice note recording
Keypad, features, price,
Keyboard foldout, loud speaker and radio...and everything else a Nokia phone has always offer.
design, color screen, polyphonic, QWERTY pad, battery life, light, scroll/navigation button, speakerphone
QWERTY Keyboard, Nokia durability, long battery life, easy to operate.
Keyboard, backlight.
messaging, wow factor, sync with outlook, nokia interface
Excellent Clarity,
QWERTY keyboard
Great compact design, keyboard just the right size, lots of features!
Key board, free sync softwate, IR port, phone software, screen...
Ease of use, customizable, QWERTY keyboard, java capable
Great speakerphone, SMS keyboard, bright color display, great battery.
Great keyboard
Voice quality, FM radio, loudspeaker, text message keyboard
features, features, features, great support,software
great sound quality, GPRS seems exteremely fast, tons of features, the keyboard ROCKS!
Nice Keyboard, good display loads of features
Fold out keyboard for text msging, large display.
fairly easy to use, reliable, great features, fairly durable
KEYBOARDDDDDD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Keyboard, customizable menus, LOUD speaker phone, radio, voice dial, easy calender/planner
Color screen, great battery, convenient QWERTY keyboard.
qwerty keyboard and text messaging
QWERTY Keyboard, 4 IM Clients, Good Battery Life, FM Radio, my favorite phone...
Color, easy to use, keypad, programs, gallery
keyboard, keyboard, keyboard, voice commands, and a nice battery life compared to similar featured phones
it's colored and has polyphonic ring tones
Feature-rich, long battery life, strong reception, usable, durable
Lightweight, large phonebook, calendar, internal antenna
Voice Recognition, Vibrating ring, IR connectivity w/ PDA, Ring Profiles
Great reception, good size and weight, plenty of useful features
Incredible Battery life and excellent reception
Voice Dialing, ease of use, size and weight
Battery life, reception, good USEFUL features
Reception, excellent infrared synchronization, noise filtering, battery life, operating (menu) system.
Digital,large backlit display and buttons,loaded,accs available in superstores
solid construction, versatile, great reception and clarity, comprehensive manual
Durable!  Lots of great options like voice recorder and infared and call reminders.
added features, light weight
stylish, easy to use, light weight.
Great reception, battery life, features.
Great Nokia easy to use and learn software, bigger screen,lots of features
Small, slim, lightweight, feature rich, cool look
Outstanding battery life, classy appearance, user friendly, solid case
Lightweight stylish phone that uses same accessories as 6162 model
Strong audio quality and long battery life.
ring tones, many menu options, voice dial, loud ringing
3 minute voice recorder, voice functions, large screen, multiple profiles, good calculator.
Infrared support
Good phone overall, with easy-to-navigate menus
Calendar with PC connectivity!
Voice Dialing/Commands
Tiny, extremely lightweight, feature-packed
Voice recognition, hardware, &quot;PIM&quot; features
portability, ease of use, voice dial
Nice Feature, light
Slick, Lightweight, Elephants Are Attracted To It
size, good reception
Great features
Convenient size, VERY easy to use, wireless web
Lightweight, small size, solid build, ease of use.
Durable; withstands "wear and tear." Lets you go online!!
Durable construction means I won't be breaking this one
Small, light, solid construction
Small, Easy to use, Great Clarity
Size, voice dialing capability, accessories
Sprint Holster -good for carrying phone, Jabra earpiece w/ wire microphone  -good
Small, light, very well made, great styling
Battery life, light and slim, Bluetooth!
Bluetooth, GPRS, Tri-band, Email client, Great reception, Decent battery life.
GPRS, WAP, HSCSD, Bluetooth, IrDA, small/stylish design, large phonebook memory, FEATURES & MORE FEATURES
BlueTooth, Size, Battery Life, Design
tiny, lightweight, good looking, well built, well featured, an excellent phone.
Small, Stylish, Discrete.
Web capabilities, Good reviews, moderately priced, wireless headset (btooth)
Small size, light weight, bluetooth, WAP, POP3, GPRS, and on and on and on...
Definitely future-proof!
light good reception
Light, Well Equipped, Good-Looking, Reliable, Superior Battery, Good Signal
Small, sleek, very good battery life, ready for the future, world phone
small & lightweight but not fragile, interface simple and intuitive, sound & reception
Tri-band, Bluetooth, GPRS, Size, Battery Capacity, Vibrating signal
World phone capability, GPRS, Improved design, Bluetooth, Ultra-light, Ultra-thin.
The first ever COLORED Cell Phone!!!
WAP browser, size, weight, features, battery life
very good reception i.e. signal strength. Very good battery life
great features, small size
Straightforward! Attractive! Large "Display"! Durable!  Low price! A Bargain!
Small, lots of options, good battery life, very convenient
Good sound quality, long battery life, nice looks and extensive set of features
Superb reception, ease of use, extra long battery life.
features, portability
Small size, battery life, sound quality
Compact; loaded with features; great battery life
So compact and stylish appearance
Size and weight - no need for carrying clip etc. fits in front pocket.
size, aesthetic,ease of use and battery life
Dimensions, Features
Size, weight, features, customizability
Why  I wanted to buy another NOKIA, is It's one of the better cell phones
Size, Quality
Small, stylish, tons of features
small, light, new features, and very cool looking
Size, solid construction, looks, performance, features
Stylish and sexy.  Great list of features. Beautiful metal casing.
A great looking, feature filled phone.
Size, features, looks
Sharp, tiny, great ergonomics and packed with goodies...
so many features, works well for me
Tiny size, good clip, nice array of features, great battery life.
Small, Stylish, Good battery life, speed and voice dialing
attractive, external display, voice notes
Front LCD, side buttons, clarity
Easily navigable menus, Metal case, Stylish, Reception improving features
Sexy look.  Great Menus.  Indiglo light is the best!  Small size.
Excellent voice quality, construction, and function.
Futuristic look.  Attract attention.  Nice features.  The best out there.
Compact size, lots of features, sleek design
Size, weight, cool look, feels durable, great sound
clamshell design, great reception, good looks, easy to use menu system, low SAR score
Small, deceptively sturdy, intuitive menus, great reception
Sleek metal case, very compact, outstanding sound and reception
External caller ID, Voice Dialing, FM Stereo Radio, VoiceNote voice Recorder, Compactness
The looks of the phone are stunning. Nice and small .
Workhorse disguised as a cool techie toy
Size, design, keypad, scratch resistant metal.
A well built, reliable, professional tool.
size, durability, features, and very user friendly
small, light, great reception, lots of features
Small, sexy phone. Great reception and sound quality.
small size, easy to use, great features
Great size and reception.
Small, lightweight, easily fits in a pocket!
Super Stylish, Cool metallic finish, Great features
Sleek design, compact size, many nice features, very durable, tri-mode.
Great looking; lots of features; trust-worthy name; 400 name phone book.
Compact design, scratch resistant case, voice activated dialing
Indiglo display, dial-pad, menu, external display, phonebook, voice dialing and digital recorder.
Size, style, features
Small, great Reception and sound quality, comfortable to use, can sync contacts
Small, light, durable, great performance - you won't be disappointed
Has all the features, small sleek design, reliable.
Small, light, stylish, intuitive menus, feature-rich, external LCD display, solid feel, large phone book, well-built.
Size, Voice Recognition feature, styling
Very sleek design, external LCD display
Very small, easy to use, great features, amazing battery life
Sleek, Compact, many features.
Sleek design
Very Nice Looking, Status symbol, more ring tones, external display
Reception/Quality, Size, and Look
Reception, voice clarity, size and it just plain looks good!
Very small and lightweight phone!  Great features, ease of use.
Size, Battery life, outside flip display
Size, features, sleek design, external caller ID.
Size, looks, features, intelligent design.
PIM style phone book, Password protection
Looks,Small, Sleek, Light Wieght, good battery life, and Durable
Stylish, compact, easy to use, and VERY durable
Looks, Very Light
Size, caller id on outside, overall nice looking phone
Great sound, improved reception, easy to use, very cool, Data capable
Excellent Sound Clarity, Powerful Antenna, Stylish
Size,battery life,comfort,ease of use,style,weight.
Lightweight, very mobile, and fairly simple to use.
Small size, clarity, appearance, big buttons, fairly simple menus, lightweight, voice dialing
Small, durable, very clear, very trendy.
Compact design (sleek and sexy!), great reception
Metalized-futuristic styling, diminute size, dual screen, flip-open type, good screen
Compact size, ease of use, features
Size/weight, Connects to computer, voice-dial, ease of use
Small size, good reception, voice notes
Small, lightweight, reputable company, decent battery life, loaded w/features
GoodLooking, Dual LCDs, Voice-Active, WAP, Shortcuts Menus, ringtone-composer
Sleek, Functional, sweet phone!
In all seriousness, I cannot list a single positive attribute for this phone.
Use frequently, great phone!
Great call quality&#13;&#10;Nice form factor&#13;&#10;Voice dialing works great
Style, Size, ease of use, pure simple feel of it.
Size, weight, clarity, reception, low SAR
Beautiful,great reception,easy functions,and compact
User friendly, small, excellent sound quality and reception
Ergonomics; Sound quality; Reception; Aesthetically pleasing; User interface; Trimode CDMA
Reception, Battert Life, Styling, Voice Activation, Low Radiation
light, nice blue display, compact
External display
small, cool, solid, easy to use
good sound quality,reception,nice design,ultra stylish,small.
Compact, stylish yet rugged.  Innovative features.
The phone to own!
Star-Trekky look puts you in the 'cool' crowd
sleek, high tech looking, small
Style, Features, Size, Signal/Reception
Small, lightweight, good reception
Looks great,works great, easy to use
Sound quality is great, size is perfect, menus are easy to understand
Motorola i90c for Nextel is cheaper with same body style and more useful features
best phone ive ever had
Small, Sexy
Voice Dialing
small size, menus good
This phone is light weight.
Small and suprisingly heavy!
Good-looking. Lightweight.  Phone of the Moment!
Size, looks, sound quality
Design, Caller ID on outside, Size
light and small, great sound quality, easy to use, looks great
nice looking and that is it!
Nice looking, small, light
Stylish,sexy,cool
Many features and functions, easy to use, flip phone, excellent quality
Light, compact, simple, durable and attractive.
small and it folds
Cool
Nice looking phone
It's a Motorola, tri-band, custom menus, new software, did I mention it's a Motorola!
Indestructible Titanium case a new wrinkle in an otherwise board-to-tears phone industry.
3.5oz, Caller ID outside/inside, extremely clear, sleek and stylish
very good phone & battery
Compact and metallic body.
Small, Light weight
Great size and style.
High price makes you look like you have a lot of money to blow
Feels great in hand, looks handsome, great talk quality, clear display
Design, functionality and short learning curve
Size, Weight, Link to your comp.
Reliable, Stylish
Outstanding call quality, Small convenient size, Lots of features
Nice looking
Cool looking
sleek design, small form factor, good reception & battery life
Small, decent coverage. Not worth the price.
Size, style, voice dialing.
Small, lightweight
Sleek and ergonomic design
Small.  Light.  Feature/Function packed.
size, metal casing, great looks, outside caller id and info screen, tri-band GSM, GPRS
Small size, incredibly sturdy, external date, time & caller ID, long battery life, alarm.
Extremely durable (Washing machine safe apparently)
Antenna fixed, solid construction, nice speakerphone
Price into free fall,cheap if you can find one. A really good cell phone.
You can get one for cheap now with a mail-in rebate.
Size, battery life
Compact, light, and cute.
Tons of features, camera, radio, well-designed menu system
Features galore, Customisability, Excellent Battery Life.
Radio, Camera, Games, Customizable, Cool Design!
Small size and Calender with reminder option features are great,
Speaker phone, camera, FM radio, flashlight, durable
Battery life, trendy design, easy to use, excellent after sales
affordable, good FM radio, love the torchlight function.
Camera
lots of features
Speaker phone, FM radio, small and lightweight
flashlight, radio, speakerphone, battery lasts forever
Look cool.  Built well.  Good reception.  It's a Nokia.
Battery life, reception, perfect size (for me, at least), & rubberized coating for easy grip
Durability & small size
Strong and durable
Rubberised Coating, Extended Battery life compared to TX210
Sleek and handsome looks, nicely rubberized, dual back-lighting
Battery life, reception, durability, solid keys
extremely rugged, good contact functionality, messaging
Light weight, durable casing, easy to use and most of all reception
Great phone, durable, speaker phone
Small, handsome, light easy to use and program, lots, and lots of features.
*Rugged Rubberized Grip
Small size, GREAT battery life, built-in vibrate function, dual illumination, intuitive memory approach.
Extremely durable--military specs.
Battery Life, Durability, Phone book (the way it stores entries), Display light, sound clarity
Almost unbreakable, just the right size, rubberized grip, excellent LCD display
Durable, Long battery life, Inexpensive this list goes on...
Clear sound, light weight, easy search directory, durable, great speaker phone feature and sturdy buttons.
battery life, ability to enter multiple numbers for one person, durability, display
very light, and small
this phone is all that and more!it does everything i need it to do
Tough case and stable signals.
ruggedness, battery life, multi-band operation, logical operation
Amazing features that are technological marvels, a good phone,
Lightweight,looks great,hands free
Gobs o' features, including speakerphone and voice dialing.  Super cool looks, great quality, easy navigation.
The speakerphone and voice dialing features are great for people always on the go.
Sleek, lightweight, speakerphone, keyguard, good reception, lots of other features!
Sleek and Sexy, High Performance
Dual-band, built-in speakerphone, feature-packed
Tons of features, speakerphone, voice dial.
Unlimited features and light as a feather.
Ummm none?
Speaker Phone, Tons of Gadgets
size, battery, voice dial, speakerphone
Excellent voice quality, superb battery life, quality construction
size, style, features, durability
Packed with useful features, cool backlit LCD, well built
Features, Features, Features
bright backlight, intuitive text input, PIM, voice dialing, auto answer, speakerphone
Appearance/Features
Speaker phone, Voice activated dialing, Long battery life, Affordable, Stylish design.
So Many Features, Even more Features, Clarity, Price, Speaker phone, etc...
Voice dialing, terrific battery life, great reception!
Voice Activated Dialing, Speakerphone, Great Interface Qualities, Longest Battery Life to Date
Solid phone with highly usable menus and great quality
speaker, headphone jack, light, blue screen, battery charge, looks
Lots of features, lots of battery life
functions and clarity
Clarity, Speakerphone, Phone Book, Voice Dial and Ring, Battery Life,Size
Long Battery Life, Indiglo, Non-Flip-Style, Travel Charger, Feature-Packed
Clear reception, Speakerphone, Voice-Activated dialing, Voice Mail, Backlit screen, Memos/Calendar
SMALL, SLEEK, COOL, and it works well.
Reception; Sound Quality; Speakerphone; Display; Stand-by Time
Loaded with features, and the battery lasts forever.
small, lightweight, luminated keypad
Lightweight yet durable, many nice features and excellent battery life!
Voice dial, high number holding capacity
Voice ringer, bright display, many feature sets, smart button placements, quick phonebook searches
Display, battery life, menus
Indiglo display backlight, sleek design, solid features, speakerphone.
style, many cool features
Great reception, very stylish, long battery life.
Functional features, speaker, voice activation, pretty and legible blue screen.
Small, Light, Cute, Speaker Phone
Lightweight, lot's of cool features for a great price!
Easiest phone to use, once learned.&#13;&#10;Awsome quality, durability, and battery.
New Options: Speakerphone, Voice Dialing & a Stronger Signal
Cool Styling, Speakerphone, Voice Memo
size, sound quality, weight.
Fun and Functional
Great non-flip, well featured phone with newer technology others will follow.
lightweight, versatile, attractive, slim, tons of features
Great backlight, reception and easy to use.
Keypad, lightweight, easy navigation.
Nothing like my wife.
Fantastic battery life, speakerphone, high-contrast display, charger.
Long battery life. Handsfree via earpiece of speakerphone. Voice recorder.
Speaker, Voice activation, screen size, wireless web
Speakerphone, Indiglo
Speakerphone, Display, Ringers, Features in General
indiglo back lighting
INSANE battery life, gobs o' features, cool looking phone, lots more
Good battery and nice display
new features
Tons of features, wireless internet.
Speakerphone, BRIGHT SCREEN, nice menus. Perfect choice.
Speakerphone. Tons of features.
Excellent Reception!  Great Speaker Phone!  Very clear and very durable!
Neat speaker phone, great buttons, excellent sound, amazing battery life.
Speaker phone, games, many different rings, calculator, etc.
call clarity, battery life, speaker phone, voice dial, internet
Excellent speaker phone,voice ringer,ringers
Feature rich, ease of use, length of battery
Size &amp; Technology
Great features
Size,  sound quality, and appearance
Has all the features you could want.
Bells and whistles , long battery life , good reception
Great clarity, built-in speaker phone, looks sharp, easy to use, and VERY Cool
Light, small, great sound quality
Good sound through the handset
Easy to use. Small size.  Plenty of features
Clear, Solid, Not a flip phone, Robust features, Web, Spkr phone
FULL DUPLEX SPEAKER PHONE (IT WORKS!) WITH ONE TOUCH SPEAKER ACTIVATION- VOICE ACTIVATED DIALING
Good screen, speakerphone, long battery life, lots of features.
Excellent features.  Near perfect speakerphone.  Durability.  Battery life.  Standard headset jack.
speakerphone, durable, battery life
Lots of promising features, but...
everything is easy to use and the funtions are great
sturdy, menus, phone book search
Very sleek with awesome features.  Backlit screen is nice.
Clear connection, long battery life, attractive.
Feature rich&#13;&#10;Fairly durable&#13;&#10;Good battery life
Perfect size for a non-flip phone. Easy to navigate menu. Great speaker phone.
loaded with functions, voice ringer and battery life
Glowing backlight, reception, speakerphone, excellent quality and reliable
Speaker phone, sound quality
Strong Construction, Durable, Has all the goodies
Small, long battery, lots of features
Vibrate ringer,  voice dial, speaker phone, call quality, compact size, battery life, wireless internet.
it looks great, slim and stylist!
Many, Many features&#13;&#10;Great call quality
Speakerphone, Cool Indiglo Screen, Voice Dialing, Web Access
Extremely practical, yet very cool!
The best Phone Out there so far!
Crisp and clear speakerphone,loads of features, super screen, it talks to me!
Battery Lasts Forever.  Can Do Everything Except The Dishes.
light weight, durable, small.
Features,lighting,durability,easy to use
Basic well functioned phone for....  $7.00! Yes $7.00
Great phone, Speakerphone is very handy
Clear, Easy & Wonderful
sleek design
Large screen, easy menus, good signal
Durable, can be dropped.&#13;&#10;Awesome speaker, great sound.&#13;&#10;Good reception.&#13;&#10;Good button placement.
Compact, Indiglo, Evironment Feature
Fun while it lasts, until you drop it too many times
Compact, Indiglo, Evironment Feature
Nice phone, easy to use, good reception
Speakerphone, voice dialing, cool blue light.
Size, Speakerphone, Quality
Great battery life, great reception, good features.
This is the Cell Phone to have for those on the run.
Voice calling and promting, light weight and seems durable
Great phone, super great options worth the purchase
see the review
Battery, Ergonomics
Great phone!
ease of use and nice features
Too many to list
Wow, where to start? Clarity, functionality, BLUETOOTH, IR, superior battery life.
Tons of great features, easy to use, Bluetooth, sound quality, battery life
A fantastic phone. Love every minute of it. Simple but full at once.
Simple. Powerful.
Standby, Bluetooth, GPRS, weight, everything else
durable, robust, feature rich, gold standard.
*Excellent* battery life, lightweight, sensibly sized, easy menu system, java
Blue Screen Outstanding Voice Quality, Flexible.GPRS,Bluetooth, And Software
Battery life, usability, sound
GPRS, Bluetooth, ability to upload Java programs, great reception and battery life, good menu, solid
Reliable, light, long battery time
Durability, size, menus
sturdy
Good battery life, nice keys, bluetooth
GSM and TDMA.
interface, compatibility with earlier models
Small, light, takes pictures, good sound, great functions, games.
Bright main display, good design and styling, convenient swivel camera, intuitive layout.
Clear large screen
Camera, camera, camera.  Variety of features, sensible menus, solid feel, did I mention the camera?
GREAT CLARITY, easy to use, cool camera, great sounding ringtones, great 65,000 color screen.
An excellent phone packed with what a user would need of a mobile handset.
Built-in digital camera, 65,000 color TFD main display, t-zones internet capable, SMS templates
color lcd, picture phone, 40 polyphonic ring tones
Light and Sleek, built in camera, color and a world wide phone!
Solid construction, very reliable, holds charge well, handy camera, easy to use.
next best thing to a cool looking non-exposed-keypad cell phone
Very small, light, camera is built-in.
Feels solid, nice ring tones, bright display.
Very attractive, Poly Ringtones, Easy to  use
Weight/Shape Balanced. Superior LCD. Usable ( not junk ) Features. Versatile Connectivity.
Lightweight, pictures are decent.
Clarity, ringtones, attached phone, weight, size, battery life.
Cool design and good sound quality in polyphonics(MMF).
compact...clarity...
Cheap, portable, and very easy to use.
Nice slim design; no visible antenna; big display; Picture messages; EMS; WAP; Cheap price.
Sleek and slim look, Excellent battery life, Good reception.
Sliding cover phone, computer and palm pilot all rolled into one!
Large memory, good battery, comes with all the necessary components
Does everything.  After a while you won't know how you got along without it.
Features, Screen Size, Scroll Button, Slide Cover
Most advanced model in standard, a voice set, cable and earphone in a package
Big screen, size/weight, great organizer, great reception, NaviRoller, voice dialing, long battery life, neat features
Nice big screen.  Long battery life.  Lots of features.  Great organizer.  Built well
Compatability, ease of use, batery life, signal strength, looks
Sliding cover that does not need to used; NaviRoller; large memory
Screen and font size, and features.
Acts as PDA, easy to read screen, predictive typing, Othello/Reversi game, voice dialing
Big screen; roller thing; nice design; good battery life; predictive text input; voice tags
Slick, Stylish, Features, Keypad cover
Good features and nice screen.
Text messaging,navi-roller, sliding cover, its a NOKIA
large screen, battery life, sliding cover, calendar, calculator. curved shape fits your hip.
Great display, tons of features, direct connect to Palm and PC without a modem.
Everything from Style to Functionality
Ease of use. Similarity to the 7110
Functional, stylish design, easy to use, and easy to read screen
Store 1000 names on the phone...Its light to carry around....
great phone for a low price!
I like the slide up feature because my hubby is always hitting something
awesome look,feel and design
Lots of features, games, and connectivity, good battery
Long Battery Life, Large Display, Digital/Data Compatible
Battery life, internet and e-mail capabilities, and popularity
The 7160 has fewer dropped calls when vs. 6160 or 6161.
Styling, performance and features, external Caller ID
Compact, sleek, attractive, loud ring
Sharp, tiny, great ergonomics, packed with features, BETTER ANTENNA
Nice features, flip convenience, strong reception.
Small, Smart, Tough-Skinned and a long-lasting battery.
Long battery life, easy to use, excellent size.
EVERYTHING
Compact, stylish, good buttons, great screen clarity, external window
Very small, sturdy, and feature filled
Best small phone since the Nokia 262!
Stylish, Small, Light, Great Reception, Convenient Caller ID Screen, Clear Calls
sophisticated, stylish, small yet good size
Ultra compact, durable and stylish!
Small size, ease of use, clear controls
Comfortable design, big buttons, small and light
stylish, voice activated dialing
Tough little phone.  Easy to hear conversations.  Good voice
Everything
Small, lots of features, great reception.
Sleek design , intuitive functions , loads of options
Can take a bit of abuse, looks VERY professional
Battery life, signal reception, PCS messaging, address book, voice recognition
External Caller ID Screen
-Clarity
Looks great, small
Great phone all around.
The Motorola V60t is compact and sleek.
easy to use
practical and nice!
Excellent sound quality,reception,good battery life,loaded w.features...voice dialing,etc
Very Small, Very Clear, Great Features, Very Easy To Use
very small, very light, very cool
Great reception, internet capable, Size,
Small size, comfortable feel, "cool" design, easy-to-use interface.
Small, New Display Screen
Reception and size
Small
Smallest available, great function
Small, Stylish, Wireless Web
Very small, very "cool," great reception
Innovative, voice dialing, internet
Looks like a spaceship. Fairly durable. Can't see it unless using a microscope.
Small, Light, Beautiful, Easy To use
Small
Small, convenient clarity
size, battery, internet
Size
Lightweight, Sturdy, Good sound quality, internet access.
durable, small. clarity
size, size and size, simplicity, durability, clarity.
works well, cute, lots of features
small, light and very versatile phone with great sound and functionality.
Long battery life.  Compact size.  Nice color screen.
Light weight, intuitive, attractive, affordable
Cute, light weight, compact, decent display screen
Nice screen, okay reception, very small phone.
Overall sound quality, durability, size, battery life, features, quality, price
Size, weight, outstanding screen, ease of use, quick menu access, plenty of features.
Animation of the phone was cool
Style
In general, this is a light, reliable, cheap no-frills phone. Good audio quality and reception.
Thin profile, lightweight, and large, vivid color display. Clear audio and easy to use.
Ultra small size, very light-weight. Good set of features for a small phone.
Lightweight, nice design, clear display
Light
its cool and cute
Reception, Menu, Memory, Organizer, Handsfree Port, Service light
The phone itself is cool.  good ringtones, small, sleek.
Size, portability, metal case, style, battery life, games, screen quality, *durability*
Pretty phone, a lot of features as far as making the phone look good.
Cute, stylish, not that expensive
Lightweight, compact, easy to use, nice color screen
Small,color screen,(loud)poly ringers,picks up great.
small, stylish, lightweight, color screen
Nice looking, clear screen.
Funky, sexy, easy to use
Good looking
Radio.  Global coverage.  Camera.  Great look.  Great size.
Looks, Desirability, Screen
Colored screen, built in camera, looks elegant, tri-band and MMS capable
tailorable menu shortcuts, speaker for quick hands free option
Small changes from the 7210/6610 make this an outstanding phone.
Colour Screen, Polyphonic ringtones, camera, games
a attractive solid easy to use compact fully spec'd out phone
Very, very solid.  Quite light and small.  Looks sort of funky.
Trendy, Tough AND Unique
Different covers, shock proof, good clear sound
Small and compact.
all the features
clear, small, lightweight
Tons of features, good everywhere, long lasting battery, and games for when you get bored.
Many handy features
size, cost , utility
small, clear sound, good batter life
workhorse that doesn't give up
Very light, easy to use, state-of-the-art battery life
Battery Life, Durable
Excellent sound quality, long standby and talk time, light weight, works on digital and analog
light, compact, good features, usually strong signal and large calling radius.
Great options, very few drop calls
One rate plan compatible, dual band dual mode phone, call I.D. call waiting
Many options and small size
Quality, Design, Durability, Features, Value
A plethora of options
It's got games, a calendar, and a 199-number memory.
Small, great sound, many features
small, light, great sound, phone book, calender, too much to list!
Small, Lightweight, Attractive, Battery Life
Small. lightweight, great reception, so many features
Great design, solid, swappable face plate
Battery life, durability, sound quality
Multiple features, long battery life
Style, Features.
Talk time, standby time, rugged
numerous functions, good clarity, personalized settings, long battery life.
Easy to use, numerous easy to use features, changeable color plates
Good battery life
Amazing battery life, excellent user friendliness
Clarity, Portability
good software, lots of accessories
GSM, price, features
light-weight, good information storage, strong after-market, good styling and size
Great overall phone - easy to use and many accessories available
Battery life, sound quality, ease of use
Battery life, build quality, small size
Very portable, very long battery life, easy to use.
Works as advertised
good quality phone with plenty of features
all around good phone
reliable and lightweight
Clear, simple, solid, and long battery life
Good size, durable, many accessories, long talktime
Superb sound quality, durability, and options
Size, sound clarity, digital
lots of options, sounds clear, easy to use
Easy to Use, Durable, Cool Tunes!
build quality, easy of use, battery life
Snake is a lotta fun
Good talktime, Lotta features.
Size and digital quality
Good cell phone
Large Phone # memory. Simple Dialing.
Excellent talk time, battery life and menu interface
You can make a call, generally.
Size, battery life, software
compact, various ring selections, excellent battery life
Nationwide use.
feature rich (calendar, calculator, games, ring types)
Weight, size, battery, antenna, shell
Awesome form factor-- shape, weight, colored faceplates
small, customizable
Excellent features
Memory storage is huge
feature-loaded; adaptable appearance; very portable; decent reception on most service types
Relatively nice in size and style; equipped with useful set-in features; can decorate with many different color tops, plastic window and buttons.
calculator, dated alarm, excellent tech support
Rugged,  Small and Reliable with nice features
complete with pager
stylish, super long battery life, excellent menu UI
Design, digital reception, size and weight
Extended Battery Time, Calculator, Calendar, Phone Memory, Small Size and Weight
Techie features
Lots of options, great design
lightweight, durable, long battery life, many features,
Low ELF emissions
Simple, stylish package
Small enough to handle easily
User Friendly, Easy to Use, Long standby &amp; talk time
Reception, battery life, menus
everything about it
Cool look, great features
Great sound quality, very little or no static, sleek design
Small, handy
small, lightweight, many features
Handi and nice to have
LOOOONG battery life and great reception with many calling features.
Safety
Size, Shape, Smell, Taste, Feel
Good clarity, ease of use, and nicely designed.
Low Price, Connections, Hands Free, Caller ID
Light weight, great sound quality, awesome battery life
Clarity
Long battery life, can be cradled on shoulder
Sleek Styling, Memory
can change the face plate
Soild engineering, tried-and-true phone
Long battery life
Great features, small package
Great features, slim design, good accessories available
Good clarity, solid construction, great features, decent size
It is a great Phone
Games, special rings
good phone
Features, Talk time
Solid, good reception
size, appearance, and &quot;everyday&quot; features
small &amp; light
The phone is wonderful, everything in one little package!!!
features and more features, durability
Lightweight, features, looks
Crisp sound, fun games, excellent battery life
small, great reception, simple
Durable, good size, long battery life.
features, light-weight, battery life on standby
services, digital support
Great reception, excellent battery life, well considered convenience features
Sleek great phone
Durability, Accesories, Battery Life
Light, durable, comes with 4 games, many different ringing options, easy to use interface
reliable product
small enough to carry with you
Easy to use, portable, efficient &amp; entertaining
Ease of use, reliable and durable
great size, easy-to-use, long battery life
Its waste of time features
great battery life
Clarity and Sound
safe, strong, reliable, changing colors, extra features, longest talk time and standby time in the industry.
Lots functions, nice price, nice look, nice size...  you get the point.
Chic, classy...can fit in your pocket, bag etc..Colorful..
Small, easy to use
Everything including battery life, call clarity, size and weight, and ease of use
Long battery life, easy to use
Easy to handle, no flip front!
Compact, and easy to use
Great features, reception, reliability
Full featured, has everything and some.
Good battery life, price, overall good performance.
blocks roaming charges, nice looking, sturdy antenna
Everything
small, stylish, easy to understand menus
Great phone, good size, clarity, etc.
Well Balanced phone
Good and durable
complete, not expensive, shape, functional, easy
blocks roaming charges, nice looking, sturdy antenna
nice games, right size, decent battery life, different from the 5160
Simple to use, Good sound
long battery life
alot
long battery,loud and clear.
3
Best cell phone on the Market
technological marvel
Several features
Size, battery life, use-ability
Quality, Features
Price, Product
easy to use, hangs on belt clip nicely
Great features, convenient size
Small, lightweight size, Features, Incredible call clarity
Size, transmission and reception of calls
Features, Sound Quality
a great phone most of the time
Profiles, big address book, reliable
Great battery life
Personal Features, Size,and Price
Everything
Easy to Use, Light, Long battery life
long battery life, extremely good product design
Size, features, coverage.
Great Features
great battery life, easy to use menus, great quality
all of the above
battery life, reception, features
Light, small, powerful
it is very good
Very easy to use, good battery life, excellent reception.
Everything
top of the line
nice design, easy to use
Sturdy, good-looking, easy to use, helpful features
nice little and durable phone
easy to use
Small, lightweight, great features
Small, flip, colorful!
Clear Calls, Excellent Reception, "Cool" factor, Good Battery Life
65K Color Screen, Features, Weight, Signal Strength, Battery Life
Excellent color screen, decent OEM battery life (for a color phone)
Screen, size and battery life.
BETTER BATTERY LIFE! BETTER CALL QUALITY!
Feature packed phone that does just about everything imaginable.
Screen, Verizon-free downloads, style, quality, features, GPS
Color screen, line quality, ringtones, alarm clock features, stylish and modern phone!
Bright LCD Screen, External LCD, Clear and Beautiful Ringtones
Small, lightweight, awesome color screen and many features
voice quality, voice dialing, color screen, interface, size
Outstanding reception, easy to use.
Colour screen, flip phone design,
small, brilliant screen, great reception, voice dial
Excellent phone with great reception and ergonomics and simple to use.
Nice, easily read screen, good reception, thoughtfully designed, easy & accurate voice dialing
call quality, size&weight, style, ease of use, external LCD, well built
Has a great color internal LCD screen.
Beautiful color display and graphics; nice layout; good size and shape
Almost everything! Excellent reception, cool color screen, no problems so far.
Colorful, voice recognition
Clear display, loud and clear sound, intuitive menus
Very good voice clarity
Small but not too small, Very user friendly, Battery doesn't run out, Great colors
Excellent reception, beautiful color screen, great volume level (if not a little too loud sometimes).
Durability, Looks, Color Screen, Features.
display, design, features
Great options, built strong, pleasing look, good clarity.
GPS 911, great sound, loud ringtone, compact
battery life, digit buttons, loud rings, tri-mode,
Clarity, reception, size, overall quality.
Good reception, easy to read keypad and display, good battery life, attractive styling
Gorgeous color screen, great battery life
Nice color screen, good battery life for color screen phone
Great reception, clarity of calls, color screen, basically a pretty fun little phone.
Features, user interface, build quality, battery life,
Better than average voice quality
Nice standard ring tones; I like the flip phone style
Battery Life
Solid case. Good display. Big, spaced out number keys.
Outer display, ability to assign ringers & photos to callers, chic factor, keypad, voice-activation
Just about everything.
Ease of use, options, comfort on the eyes
Color Screen, Voice Dialing
Vibrant Display, Excellent Sound Quality
Small, compact, great screen
Battery, Sound quality, Features, Screen
Great Phone
Ease of use...great color, size....ease of menu...ease of downloads...Get It Now...battery, so far.
Color display, user-friendly, high-technology, fast menus, great functionality.
Great features...color display, voice dialing, great rings........low price.
Good reception, backlighting, easy menus, voice dial
Small, Color, Excellent reception, Changable backgrounds, and ringers.  Games. Expensive!!
Display, looks, battery life
Color screen. Nice basic accessories. Easy to navigate, and to spell out names. Fun games.
reliable as heck, useful features, nice looks, VERIZON
Screen, ringer volume, clarity, coverage, ringer tones, antenna
light weight, lots of features
Beautiful colored screen and lots of options. Love the blue lighted keys.
Menus are a breeze to navigate.  Good clear signal. Awesome sound quality.
GREAT Volume, buttons, battery life, Bright Screens (inside and out).
bright screen, nice features
Screen, battery, sounds,
Lightweight, clear calls
price, performance, bettery
Good voice quality, nice firmware features, small profile, good battery life.
Size, options, durability
Cool features.
Kewl rings. The ability to change colors of external screen.
Great interface
Rich color display.
Overall Quality
Silvery futuristic exterior
Great color screen, good volume, nice size.
Great Service, very Colorful, decent battery life for a phone, many features
It's color, I got it free after rebates at Verizon. Has features
Great screen and features
External caller ID. That's about it.
User Interface; color screen; blue keys
It has a camera, comes free sometimes with a signed contract.
Awesome look, awesome ringtones, tons of features, 'get-it-now' enabled.
NONE WHATSOEVER
Durability, interface, battery.
easy to use, web, color, durable,
Color phone, easy phonebook, text messaging, web (easy to use), You get one free ringtone download, easy to customize, very few lost calls, can take a beating ( threw it around like my car keys), can download whatever song you want with GET IT NOW (ringtones, wallpapers), voice dialing, easy to figure out all options, good service,
Free with some plans
Small, flip phone, easy to use
pics;video;testing;extra service numbers
Color screen, easy menu
long battery life, durable, charges fast
snappy little phone, i like the color screen, i really like the voice dialing.
Good features, operationally sound, good battery life
Great phone, Excellent Reception
It's 99.9% perfect
You can't kill it
color screen,good reception, good battery life, fun rings
nice color screen.  small size.  can download different tones, pics, etc.
Great displays, lighted keys, reasonable battery life, comfortable and substantial feel in hand.
Nice features
Different color choices and pictures.  Voice activated, speed dialing, small.
Durability
Flip phone, easy menus, attractive, games
nice simple messaging features, excellent color display,  reasonable battery life
everything is good except for the battery.
Lightweight, great screen resolutoin, logical menu and navigation.
Nice size, clear screen.
Great sound quality, amazing features
advanced features, color
Reasonably priced, great quality and sound.
Price (free with contract), sound quality, features, customization available
Lots of features for a "cheap" phone.
Has everything you need and more.
Very easy to use, inexpensive. Jam-packed with awesome features and games.
Good cheap phone
small, no external antennae, no flip, great features
Has a lot of easy-to-use features, excellent reception, very portable
Light weight, good reception, nice looking, easy to use.
Good quality, resonable price, very easy to use.
Intergrated antenna, interchangable covers, nice looks, good reception, lots of features, small size.
Plenty of customisable covers; great games; voice- and one-touch dialing; durable; vibrating alert; internal antenna
Good features, durable, stylish.
Sleek, Elegant and sporty if you want it to be. Strong reception, Light weight.
Small phone, great features, good reception
Good reception, no antenna.
Small, light, no antenna, great alarm clock, vibrator.
Small, beautiful, customizable phone. Has the most features of any phone in the US!
small, lightweight, cool faceplates, voice recognition, inexpensive
Nice and compact, chock full o' features, sturdy for its size, and VIBRATING!
Easy to use, easy options, helpful guides
Light weight, Clear sound quality, loads of other features
Small, with clear sound and nice screen.
Small, Sounds Great, Great Battery Life, Easy To "Get To Know"!!!
Good features and sound clarity as long as you have a good signal.  VERY RUGGED!
Price, sound quality, craftsmanship, features, customizable
Great features, very light but not too small.
The Phone is Small, Clear, Durable (I've dropped it...), and Easy to Use.
Very small; tons of features; no special battery required for vibrate mode.
No Attenna, Small/Lightweight, Good Signal Reception, Fits Anywhere!
Small, good battery life, intuitive to use.
Features, menu, downloadable ringtones and operator logo, good RF and voice quality.
Cool games, lots of features!
Size and easy access to numbers unlike smaller phones.  Not a flip-up phone
Light stylish and easy to use.
Lots of customizable features, games and it's a Nokia.
small, lightweight
Size, customizability, lots of features
compact size, hidden antennae, games, calendar and calculator,
small and very portable, vibration, ring tone composer
Small, Internal Antenna, Customizable
Small, Lightweight, Changeable faceplates, downloadable ringtones, simple, easy-to-use
is easy to use and is great options
Low Price, Excellent Reception, Fully Customizable
Light, very portable.
Small, loud ring, inexpensive for the new user
Small;lots of features; full customizable; unbeatable price
Small, cheap - actually it's free with some providers.
Cool screensavers, cute ringtones, interior antennae
Small size with big size sound
Small and lightweight, and still durable.
small, very durable, AIM installed on some, spacious keys
What you want in a cellphone, Nokia 3390 has it all for you.
compact size, light weight, powerful features, easy to use
Small, Light, Features, Battery life, free headset & vibrating battery
It's great and easy
powerful antennae, easy to use, compose ring tones
Easy to use, looks nice, small & light, just a great phone.
Small, feature enhanced, new edge phone that scores cool points.
Great Price, Nice Size, Plenty of Features, Clear, Quality Sound
No external antenna, good key size, lots of useful features
small, compact, durable, stylish
User-friendly interface, more options than earlier models, SIM card
Free, durable, customizable, good battery life, AIM, voice dialing, and easy navigation.
Nice Size, Easy to Use
Stylish, functional, relatively cheap, full of gadget-like features! :-D
Light weight, perfect size, great reception, and great battery strength
Cute styling, good games, great clarity (voicestream), personalization options
Many great functions with large screen and buttons.
small, affordable, stylish, replaceable front AND back covers, music composer, much more
Colorful Faceplates, Great Reception, Easy to use interface
Sleek and good price
Durable, easily portable, light, clear, nice features, nice phone!
Easy to use,Tough
short, attractive compact and cheap
Small, User-friendly, Intuitive, Good battery life
Compact , fits in a pocket , durable , easy to use
Size, and Weight, Profiles
Small, easy to use, clarity, cool settings
Great battery life, awesome games, compact, and durable.&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;
Nice Candy design, Lots of Featured
Size and Weight&#13;&#10;Features, and NO ANTENNA!
Great compact size(not too small), lightweight, tons of features, back and front changeable faceplates
small, easy of use, good reception, no external antenna to break
cheap, easy to use, personal, good sound/signal
Nice,good size, fun games, great features
Many great deals for this phone
It is very affordable, it's small and fits anywhere meaning you can take it anywhere.
I love this phone! It has a great, sturdy case, and many features.
Cute. Small. No annoying antenna sticking out.
I can personalize my phone as much as I want.
good service, voice tags, assigned ring tones
Small
Small size, excellent clarity
very lite, doesn't take up a lot of room
Voice Dialing, Navigation in menus while on a call, and a Ring tone composer.
Sleek, Compact, Stylish, Many Features
Its small and compact with great features.
compact,inherits the Nokia family characteristics,nice color,multi-functions
Text message, up to 2 hours and 40 minutes talk time
Many options/light weight/games/stores 99 names/numbers
Front AND back faceplates, ringtone composer, calendar, alarm, messaging
Many great features
I got it for cheap, good battery life and good reception.
light weight, portability, not many have it, affordable, quality, ease of use
Great features in a small phone.
Small Compact Versatile Cell
Feature rich, good performance, excellent battery life, great overall value.
Internal antenna, voice dialing, price, custom faceplates, durability, readily available accessories at local stores.
Very simple to use, nice small size.
New operating system is awesome.
Great style! Very easy to use! Lightweight!
Great Price and Value
intuitive to use, easy to access functions.
Small enough to fit in your pocket
Small, so many accessories it's hard to chose one :)
good phone
small-but bigger than 8260,&#13;&#10;good button feedback,&#13;&#10;easy to read screen, great sound
Small, extra covers are cheap, AIM access
Sound and alarm
Better reception than previous models&#13;&#10;Less flatlines&#13;&#10;Cheap&#13;&#10;Compact&#13;&#10;Lightweight&#13;&#10;Easy to use&#13;&#10;Newer games
Great little phone, stylish and functional
Solid phone.  Easy, fun, not too expensive.
Lots of options, digital, fairly easy to use
Very small,light weighted,changeable faceplates
You cannot break this phone. Period.
reception, sound quality, compose your own ring, easy txt msging, price
Email, caller ID, voice mail, and aol instant messenger.
EVERYTHING
works well
text messaging, screen savers, inexpensive, durable, the perfect size.
good calling service, good features, more games, good graphics
Small and compact, good battery life, durable, voice dialing
Easy interface, decent battery time
slim phone, looks really nice, great reception
Excellent phone with tons of features.
Still works fine.
Excellent sound and battery, price (mine was free), reception
good reception, plenty of features
more stylish, lots of accessories, text messaging, customizable features
Caller ID, Alarm clock, Love the choice of face plates
Nice form-factor, Long battery life, Good reception, Lots of accessories
Excellent phone
Easy to use, tons of options,immediate connection to family and friends
Long Lasting Battery, Fun to use!
Solid, reliable, feature-rich, easy to use.
Light, user friendly, one key call, send and disconnect.
Good digital sound quality and battery life
Small, light weight, very portable, great power, long lasting, lots of features
Up to date technology, great features
Reliable, perfect size, all around great phone
inter-changable faceplates, inexpensive yet high quality, many features
Digital Phone, with ability to send SMS messages and e-mail
EASY TO USE!!  Very great selection of features, quality and price!  ACCESSORIES!
Customizable, good battery life, takes a beating
Intuitive design, Good size, Good community
SMS, Easy to use
Price, downloadable ringtones, text messages and email
More styling then 5160, &amp; has T-9 Predictive Text Capability
Simple; easy to use; built like a tank (but only 14 oz)
Fairly well featured
Light and fun!
Good clarity, many customizable features, and good size display.
Ease of use, works with many prepaid services, low price.
easy to use, e-mail, messages, alarm clock, etc.
Low cost, simplicity, extra features.
wide variety of face plates, easy to use, not very big, tons of features
Extremely customizable; excellent sound; great features; fun games; inexpensive.
Typical Nokia quality, easy to use, decent features for the money, cool new looks
Easy to use, can change the colors on the face and download tones
Nice size and weight, good selection of features, value
Lightweight and Stylish, Great Clarity, Durable
standard, good battery, good sound quality, custom ringtones, optional covers
Great feel, extremely easy to use, intuitive, long battery life, lots of options
THE Honda civic of cell phones!
Small, easy to use, clear as a bell, cool number storage option
Sturdy, Good Battery Life, Faceplates.
changable color covers. voice mail, caller id, long battery life
Durable, easy to use, economical, good looking phone, many extra features
Good reception/features/battery life/size
Economic, lots of features, replaceable covers.
Easy to Use, Decent Battery Life, Inexpensive
It has great tunes, games....
Easy to use and durable
size, price
Lightweight, couple of games, alarm clock. Nice phone for the buck.
Simple phone to use. Doesn't need the bells & whistles like others.
Great Features, Kewler look than 5100 series.
numerous generic accessories available, tones available for download from the web
good reception, easy to use
easy to use, many available ring tones
Price:  Often "free" with a multi-year plan; balance of features, reliability.
nice shape, used by many people, caller ID, custom face plates
Excellent design, ergonomic, good battery life, well designed menu.
User friendly
the blue face meant I didn't need to spend $20 more on a face plate
Good styling&#13;&#10;changeable faceplates&#13;&#10;AWESOME battery life&#13;&#10;keyguard
good unit
Attractive, multi function phone
No-nonsense solid little phone.
Long battery life, voice mail, caller ID, games, and a very easy to use menu.
The phone is comfortable and easy to use long battery life
Easy to change faceplates, easy to use
Small enough to fit in a pocket, but not so small that it's easily broken.
Trimode (Analog/Digital/PCS), easy to use, perfect for high school/college students
handy, practical, the games are neat.
lots of features, cheap, great accesories, easy to use
clarity, ease of use, cool "kinda" new look
Incredible Battery Life.  Perfect size, not to large not to small.  Great reception!
Battery Life, Great Phone Reception, Easy to Use
Interchangeable face plates, Accessories everywhere, quality, durable.
Comfortable to talk on, color covers, priced right
Its small, versatile, and affordable.
Lots of features, sounds like a regular phone, adorable, compact, and fun
Phone performs very well.
Looks nice, sounds nice, is nice
Ease of use, great features, voice clarity excellent
it is a light wieght phone with many options
Relatively small, reliable.
Easy to use, cheap price, e-mail options, instant message options, etc.
Great features , easy to use, great reception, durable
easy to use
Good Reception and solid.
Durable, sexy!
nice faceplates, 1-touch dialing, lots of space for numbers
Inexpensive, good quality sound
Reliable, Great volume control, comfortable in the hand, durable, many faceplates produced, battery strength lasts.
The day i gave it back to my cell phone company
Better than the 5160
Great battery life, excellent reception, good phonebook
tons of features,including an alarm.  Long battery life!
Affordable, lots of accessories, basic for first time buyers.
Wide range of accessories, text messaging, and custom ringtones.
Great compact phone, lots of life in it.
99 number memory, good voice quality, and one hell of a snake game
Great features, love the ability to change face plates
It's Free!
solidly built, good battery life, good sound
Multi Function Center Button
Small, user-friendly, versatile
Changeable Face Plates, Small enough to fit in pocket or small purse
Speedy recharging device, great reception, and fun rings.
Attractive, good size, good battery, very durable.
Great features, good battery life, inexpensive.
NONE, NONE, NONE
Nice look, not too heavy, cheap, long battery life, good customer care services!
Lightweight, games, Tones
Real clear
Address book is accessible with cursor arrow. the navi key is a "current available function"
Great phone, tons of features, easy to use
Easy to use, durable, great reception, great price, Many accessories
Email is useful. From my computer, I  email my grocery shopping list to myself.
Affordable and Functional
Tons of features. Simple to use!
A lot of features, It was free with my cellular plan.
Durable, dependable, good reception,clear audio, long battery life, inexpensive accessories.
great reception, sound, it is reliable, and the battery lasts a long time.
Good Reception.
Texts,tone volume,easy faceplate change,durable
Great reception!
easy-to-use, durable
Accessories out the a**, downloadable ringtones, messaging & basic email
Small, great reception, voice dial, browser, indiglo blue LCD, outer ID screen, variable vibrate alert
Fancy, Compact, Clear, Excellent Phone
Inexpensive, looks like Motorola V60c, feature rich.
Great size, good battery life, rings or vibrates.
various features, front LCD display, new technology
Compact, incredibly feature-filled, great sound . . . toss the land line phone!!
Tri-Mode, front LCD display.
SMALL, BATTERY LIFE, GAMES, CALCULATOR, FRONT SCREEN
small size; great battery life; sturdy construction; stylish; menus are intuitive
size, weight, signal strength, clarity, durability, outside caller ID
Good voice quality and reception, high gadget factor for low price
Light weight, long battery life, voice activated dialing.
Excellent reception/broadcast. Very small, tri-mode, exterior LCD, SMS, vibrate+ring.
STYLISH! Sleek hi-tech appearance, compact, light, long battery, durable, feature full.
Compact, incredibly feature-filled, great sound . . . toss the land line phone!!
Small size and lots of features
Small size, great reception, ergonomic design, loaded with features.
Small size, good looks, voice dialing, good clarity and volume, decent battery life.
great display, inner and outer, with indigo color, decent reception
Small, Great battery life, Clear reception, Easy 1-touch dialing, Outside Caller ID display
Small, tri-mode, full-featured, exterior LCD, SMS, vibrate+ring, voice-activated dialing.
Lots of features and quality for the money.
external display, size
Clarity, size
big phonebook, light-weight, good amount of features
Very small and lightweight, external caller id, data-capable, voice recognition.
External display with battery/signal/cid size, cost
Small size, state-of-the-art features, dual display, excellent sound quality, sturdy construction, good looking, good value.
Outer LCD screen, good reception, sturdy casing, tri-mode.
Size, build quality, battery life, LCD features, clarity!
Size, Color, Outer LCD, voice dial, Phonebook, Reception, service plans!
Size,Reception,"Hot keys",Features
Small, good call clarity, useful outside mini display
Great reception
Feature rich, good reception, stylish
Small, durable, many features
Speech clarity. Great display. Excellent backlight. Voice dialing. Connectivity.
Small&#13;&#10;Nice display
small size
Compact, external LCD
Small, belt wearable, good reception, good software, vibrate mode, 'outside' led.
Elegant design, large keys for a small phone, inexpensive compared to comparable models
Outer LCD display, comfortable design, compact, Tri-Mode, voice dialing
Great little phone with many more features then other phones with verizon.
Sharp compact tri-mode phone loaded with goodies.
Size; Sound quality; External caller ID display; Trimode; Appearance
size,clarity,outer lcd,text messaging,vibrate mode,price
Speech clarity.  Great display.  Excellent backlight.  Voice dialing.  Connectivity.
Size, quality, sound
Size, price, voice dialing
Outside display, large inner display, sleek, tri-mode
Voice dialing, answering machine, scheduler, small, email send/receive, highly viewable day&night, tri-mode, good clarity
Excellent reception, Back lit LCD display, Vibration mode
Compact, outer LCD and clear display, records voice memos.
External Caller ID, Voice Dialing, Manner Mode
Small, fits anyway, easy to hear, outer LCD screen, lots of options
Small size, great features, good quality
Compact, Durable for the size, great reception.
Small. Outer LCD screen.  Voice recognition. Large inside LCD Screen. Sturdy
Small size, flip design, voice-activated dialing
small, caller ID on outside of phone, tri-mode
very small
Ultra-compact, loads of cool features
external LCD screen,199 phone book space
Small, yet very sturdy; Great feel to the buttons; awesome voice dialing
Very small, lots of feautures, external display of caller ID
very nice looking
Good signal strength, voice activation, small size.
build quality, size, voice dialing
sturdy, good audio quality
good size, excellent reception, voice dialing
Size, clamshell design, holster
good options, small, great battery life
Small, compact, easy to carry, and a nice looking phone.
Great signal strength, great help, easy to use menu, fun rings, fun flip, voice dialing.
Small, great reception, outer ID screen, variable vibrate alert &#13;&#10;
Small, 5 text lines for web, well-built, inexpensive, full-featured, decent battery life, great value.
The next generation, all the features, good price
Sturdy and Full-featured
2 Way SMS, size, voice dialing, calendar, calculator -- many many pros
It look cute and is small enough to fit in my purse.
Front LCD Panel, "hand feel", Large screen display
LCD in the front&#13;&#10;Very small &#13;&#10;Many features
Loaded with features at less cost than Motorola
Size, great reception, looks, outside LCD screen, blue inside LCD screen, vibrate alert
Good phone when it not broken.
First really classy Verizon Phone, great size, voice activated dialing, vibrate and ring options
Small, I like that
Slim, compact, outside display
Flip style, voice activation
Size, Price, Battery Life, Style
small size, external LCD w/caller ID, two way SMS, voice dialing, sturdy
Size, portability, external caller ID, phone book size, voice dialing a plus, call clarity.
Small, Sleek, Features, Display, Outside Case Caller ID, Awesome Reception
Lots of Features, Dual LCD Display, Size, Styling, Tri-Mode, Voice Dialing
Outside display, small, voice dialing, nice blue backlight, good menu
Lightweight and compact
small size, silver coloring, easy to use interface, excellent battery life and short charge times
small, compact, pretty, durable, soft buttons
COMPACT, LIGHTWEIGHT, STRONG SIGNAL STRENGTH, VOICE ACTIVATED DIALING
Stylish, Reasonable Amount of Features, Melody Composer, One Touch Internet, Light, Great Quality, Computer Connection
Large display; decent battery life; works on GPRS data networks; downloadable ring tones.
Clear sound, long battery life, simple to use, small size
Small, durable, easy to customize, easy to operate
small, great reception, SPEAKERPHONE!
Very small & light, easy to read keys, excellent reception, speakerphone
Small, speakerphone neat, nice ringtones, good reception
Small footprint, built-in speakerphone, GPRS, polyphonic ringtones, easy-to-see screen, Java, long battery life
Lightweight, portable, clear sound
Compact size, speaker phone.
small, light, amber screen
small, easy to use
Small Size, Cool Design.
Great small size, easy to use.
Ease of use, unbelievably lightweight, voice commands that work, superb reception.
Better screen, better speakerphone, better battery, voice memo
Small, Stylish, Cost, Large Phonebook, Feature-packed, Trusted Brand
Lightweight, long battery life, excellent signal strength
Beautiful appearance,convenience of short message, light weight,desirable rings and not expensive price
Light weight, great signal quality, awesome ring tones, headset connector, PC connectivity, speakerphone
Tri-mode, normal rings
Very lightweight, Kewl Features, Excellent Phone... All Outweigh the Cons&#13;&#10;
Lightweight, solid, large phonebook, voice activation, small size, neat features (see review)
some nice extra features, excellent reception, phonebook organized well, voice memo
An acutal ring sound, decent display, small/lightweight, good amount of features.
Size & Weight, Battery Life, cool features
see http://www.epinions.com/content_48058371716&#13;&#10;
Small, lightweight, lots of features
stylish, nice features, easy to read screen, custom settings
One of the lightest phones on the market today. Packed with features. including voice command.
nice battery life, sleek, light
thin, light, good sound, good reception, speakerphone, fairly well made.
stylish and light, easy to use, full range of personalization
Awsome signal, exceptional battery life, light weight, small, & fun fun fun
Many features, easy to use, stylish
Multi color display, feature packed, small, light, sleek, signal excellent
Good signal, lightweight
Tiny, many extras, hands free built in
Sleek, light, vibration etc.
Size, weight, options
low cost, slim size, works better than all other phones i had
light weight, small size, speaker phone, large phonebook, sound quality is good, very durable
small, light, built in speaker phone
Super light-weight. Super customisable rings. Many backlight colours. Speakerphone built-in. Vibrating mode.
Small and lightweight, descent amount of options, large phonebook, reliable
Extremely lightweight, cute and ALWAYS has a signal!
lightweight, durable, great sound and ringtones, speakerphone is nice feature, as well
HEADACHE GIVER!
Size, weight, good choice of ring tones, durable, and memo feature is also very useful.
Lightweight, nice phonebook, background images, speakerphone
Impressive color display. Attractive case. 8MB of memory. Good phone features.
More Palm than Phone, Color screen, ergonomically designed. Very Cool
It's a color Palm! Crisp clear, lots of features.
Converges phone and PDA - no more carrying two devices, speakerphone, excellent sound quality.
All in one device, 2 batteries, color screen, good browser, Palm software.
1 Device for everything
Excellent merging of 2 technologies into one cool product.
VERY high on the "cool!" scale; combo PDA actually works; constructed well.
Palm Pilot and phone in one unit,
Small - lightweight as the m505. Well-thought through design and functionality.  Worth every penny.
Legible screen, large touch pad with full function Palm OS, and high quality digital phone.
Great reception - great color
Cheap!  Nice deskstand!
All in one device, Dial from address book, Apps and Games on the go
Best phone/PDA you could ask for - it's the best technology can offer!
All-in-1, thin, great speakerphone, 8 MB and color, OS 3.5.1
One less item to carry; it's a topic of conversation.
Combines Palm and cell phone devices well.  Easy to use, comes with two batteries
Tri-mode cell phone, color Palm Pilot, web & email in a small package, Outlook synchronization
Light, good reception, nice implementation of the Palm OS and cell phone
True Multi-tasking marvel. Durable when dropped.  Good display visibility/clarity.  Compact & Convenient.  Keylock minimizes errors.
Tight integration between Palm and phone
Great execution and usability.  Stylish.
All in one solution * &#13;&#10;Impress your friends!
Excellent reception, great Palm OS PDA, Great convergence of a phone & PDA
A nice integrated phone and palm device with many cool features.
all-in-one device, size, color screen
Combines color palm & cell phone, full web browsing and email access
Palm in cell phone in one!
Your world at your fingertips;Dial from Address book;Voice dial;PDA while on speakerphone
Compact, stylish, well contructed phone.  Long Battery Life
Finally!  A successful marriage of a Palm and Cell Phone.
Well-designed, easy to navigate, good reception, full implementation of Palm OS.
Compact as a palm, well priced, good sound quality
analog/digital, comes with second batter, cradle, case
none
Small (relatively), sleek, lightweight -- a real eye turner
Palm / Phone, Speakerphone, Lots of software available
Touch screen,  web browsing,  caller id, program options.
Great combination of a cell phone, mobile internet browser and full-featured PDA.
Low price, great combination of PDA and phone.
Nice build and design. Great call log,email client. Fantastic call quality
PDA functionality, tons of features
Numerous features, excellent manual
Bells and whistles galore, easy to use, quality product, convenient
Camera, internal memory, easy to use, good replacement for my PDA
Least expensive Bluetooth equipped phone. Speakerphone great.  Camera good enough for email.
Great phone, easy to use, takes great pictures.
Size, weight, ease of use, features (hands-free, etc.)
Price, Quality and Ability
Great Size/Great Storage
Small, light, long battery life.
Small, light weight, lots of features.
small, games, great battery life
Small size for a non folding phone, good battery life, intuitive O/S.
Features, Ease of Use
Small size, easy to use, very good sound quality transmitting and receiving, can send and receive Email
Solidly built, functional phone, with some nice features.
Cheap, Lots of Features
Great Sound Quality; Tons of Features; Compact; Easy to Use; Reliable
Easy to use, unbreakable, good looks, light, nice features, plenty of accessories available
Nice design, all the basic features included, clear sound
Compact, Customizable, Cheap if you know where to look
Highly customizable, from physical appearance to ring tones, long standby time; Very, very sturdy.
convenience, affordable
Inexpensive (free with service), user friendly, comfortable to use.
Small, easy to personalize, secure
Small size
It was free; lots of ring tones; games and other cool features
Durable, light and easy to use.
phonebook, ringing options, on-screen displays
so easy and intuitive to use
cheap (free), ease of use
It's clear, no roaming charges, &amp; lots of accessories
Light Weight, Inexpensive, Games
VERY low price
It's easy to carry around, doesn't need to be charged for days, and most importantly makes you look cool
Functionality, durable, low cost, easy to use
solid construction
Plenty of accessories and face covers, nice menu system, durable
very discrete, durable, cheap
It came free with the service
customizable, Portable, durable
Great features, lightweight
Stylish, able to customize to your taste, reception, Nokia quality.
Compact, lightweight, many features
Price, Features, Size, Compatibility, Durability, Customizable.
Good Basic Phone, GSM, SMS
Small, easy to use, lot's of colors!
small, reliable and you can change colors to fit any mood!
Easy to use, reliable, durable, fairly cheap
Excellent ease of use, visible, tactile keypad, simple menu structure
Small size, phenomenal standby time, PIN feature
Lightweight, personalizable
Many good features, and customizable appearance
technically, a free phone
great options
It's great for emergency and traveling purposes. It's cute looking and the reception is clear most of the time.
Looks, display, battery, microphone, features
5190
Everything about it
cool gadgets and good reliability
Cheap(in price) reliable
1. Easy to use 2.lots of tones 3.Large variety of face plates
Free with 1 year contract with Cingular Wireless
Great tone!
Cool changeable covers
interchangeable faces to match decor
affordable, practical, ease of use, easy to customize
Compact, clear sound, easy to use
small, many fine features available with great plans
Cool switchable covers
features, works on low signal
fun and functional
Simple, easy to use
Lots of features
looks, features, calling card, quick dial
you can always make it look different
This phone has about 30 different ringing noises, options, and you can change the look.
Small, reliable, long battery life
Plentiful features, long battery life, simple operation
Compact size, universal parts availability, price, interchangeability of faceplates/batteries, SMS and email compatible
I do like the GUI interface
easy to handle, lighted buttons
Easy to use, clear sound, dependale, high quality
customizable, durable
Everything you NEED
Excellent value & only weighs 6 ozs.
Changable Colors, Text Messaging, Sound Quality
battery life, full of features
Great connection.
Not a bad size, colorful face plates, multiple rings
small, lightweight, easy to use, XPress-on color covers
Very easy to use
Many features, smart sim card, price
Lots of accessories, plenty of features, easy to use
Good size (not too big or little!), good options!
Looks good. Holds a battery charge well. Interchangeable face plate.
some nice features
Fairly Small, Lots of ring options, alarm clock, and caller ID
Cheap
Light weight, Loaded with features, One touch dialing, Long battery life
Price (Free), Sound quality, Features
Simple Design, Easy Use
Interchangable front and back covers. Long Battery life, Games.
Easy to Use
Personalized Ringtones, Battery life, Durable.
Easy to Use
great design, user-friendly
Free (with service activation), cheap accessories available online
Great Battery Life, superior accessories, good price
Long lasting/durable
Great Options and Price
nokia is smaller
Many neat accessories that are easy to find and many neat features.
Light, small, descent features, colorful
Small, easy to use
Ruggedness, size, clarity,
Navi Key, interchageable faces, large screen
good size, easy to use
Ease of use and small size
Although an oldie but very reliable.
Big easy to operate buttons
cheap
Small, great looking phone
Nice size, can change colors, antenna, and key pad lights
Easy to use
Not a bad size, colorful face plates, multiple rings
Easy to use
Good RF Performance.
Small size, good signal reception, stylish, easy to read screen, more
Small, still cool-looking, sturdy, OK interface (apparently Motos used to stink)
Small Size, Real Metal Cover, Style, No Chrome Cover, Battery Life, Custom Menu
Easy to use and clear reception
Small, dual displays, good feature set, metal case, worldwide compatibility.
world phone, fits in my pocket, ok reception, sleek aluminum casing, free
Coloured faceplates,size,overall feel,battery life.
SOLID AS A ROCK, DROPPED OVER 30 TIMES, STILL WORKS PERFECTLY
Sleek Design, Metal case, Clear sound quality, World traveler.
Good Reception, Clamshell,  Full size keys, easy to read screen.
Great reception, lightweight, durable clamshell
Good menus, price, solid reception
Good quality construction, good reception and compatibility with my old v120c accessories.
Nice. Pretty screen with large numbers. Small.
Looks awesome, small, light.
Great Clarity, Phone numbers easy to access, Nice voice command
Features, size, speakerphone
Features, Size, More Features
Great design, good size, speakerphone feature works great
Small, durable, user-friendly, sleek, customizable
Size, battery, features, FEATURES, tons of capabilities
Smaller than any other nextel, Gets same signal for its size.
Size, Features, Durable, Speakerphone, Java enabled, Mixed Vibrate/Ring Mode
Sturdy, easy to use, speakerphone, sturdy, sturdy, sturdy
Direct connect, internet capable, download games, voice recording, etc
Speakerphone, sound quality, nice size/form factor
The phone is small and sleek, has great reception and great features.
Great Service, Excellent Features, Small size,Leaves Very Little to be Desired
Great look, easy use, easy 2way acess, large lcd.
Sturdy, dependable, decent battery life
Good size, great looks, lots of features, java apps
The phone is small and sleek with big performance.
voice activiated, blue backlight, voicenotes, durable, all around good
Great looks, great speakerphone, great Direct Connect, and much more
Speakerphone,lots of features for a small phone
compact, lightweight, features
Small design, easy navigation, excellent clarity
durable, lots of features, size, speaker phone, voice dialing
Small, easy to read, text messaging, great silent mode, usually static free
compact reliable
Two-way feature, slick look, durable.
I'd probably have to sum it up to QUALITY, QUALITY, QUALITY!
Small, Good Beltclip, Good Service, WALKIE-TALKIE, BLue lights and Hott Customablity
Durable, classy, good phone
Nice Size, Tons of Cool advace features.
Strong, durable , looks good, can't wear it out...
Great Service, durable phone
Phone
I love everything about it except I wish I could download real songs not midis.
Very classy look and feel, tons of useful features, easy to navigate
Lightweight, Sturdy, Great Options
features, price, size
good design, easy to use
The size, flip-up, super packed features are enough to make your mouth water
Joystick makes going through menus a blast.  Has meny PDA features.
Great reception; great sound quality; packed with features; really a powerhouse little phone
Contacts, Calendar, Reliability, Volume Control & Clarity
small, great reception, easy to use, fast charge
Large screen, one-touch volume control, joystick
Great size even for big hands. flip design. stong battery. joystick navigation
It's blue. Well, mine was, at least.
Stylish; large display; joystick navigation; built-in voice dialing; and MORE!
Easy joystick navigation, sleek casing, well-designed features
Stylish, sturdy, and an improvement over its predecessor.
Big improvements made over previous models
Simple interface for common tasks, good battery life and signal acquisition
Price, "phone-yness", improved design - the Flip part is sturdier.&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
Great size, color, features, somewhat easy to navigate
Comfort, Call clarity, Good design
Metal flip, slightly smaller than 3500, sounds better, bigger phone book
Durability, size, style and screen.
Small and stylish
Price, looks, clarity, features!
small, light, flip-phone, neat features
Little Joystick is Convenient, Calender, Appointment Setter, Easy to Use, Voice Dialer, Long Battery Life
Great Phone, vibrate, voice dial are my favorite features.  Great price with rebates.
Very durable. Clearly lit screen and lots of features.
Looks good
Good sound quality, easy to use interface. Easy on batteries.
Size, Clarity, Value of the phone now that it is an "older" model
BEST cellular phone I've owned.  Takes a beating and continues to perform.
Coverage all over the planet.&#13;&#10;Very long battery life.
One phone (GSP 1600) two phone numbers at your convenience.
Style, Functionality, Quality, Voice Recognition Dialing
Battery Life, Wireless Web, Looks
Looks great and sounds great.
Excellent features, very durable, good clarity
Great sound quality, both Mic and speaker, excellent call screening
Small, not too small, voice dialing
lots of features, totally hands-free capabilities
light, sleek, voice dialing!  Makes Kirks communicator look like a pay phone.
well built, solid, flip style
Mini-browser capability, easy to use, light-weight, and great voice-activated dial-up accuracy!
Fun functional features that will survive the rapidly changing technology.
Voice dialing, voice recording, sturdy
Outstanding features and updated technology make this phone a great choice
Good quality, great features, comfortable to use
great features, stand-by and talk time is outstanding
Very small and easy to hold while talking, includes belt holster, nice charger
Looks cool, Great Display, Very Compact, Good reception.
Compact, incredibly feature-filled, great sound . . . toss the land line phone!!
Small size, solid build, voice dialing, external display
Compact, easy of use, sharp looks, durable
Flip-phone style, ease of use
LCD on the front and Voice Command
Features, Reliability, Value, Track Record
Size, features, clarity.
extremely compact; Web-enabled; can set rings; voice activated; durable; standard jacks
Light, small, very sturdy, decent voice-dial, good reception.
Indiglo backlight display, 2 screens, size, memory, voice recognition
Speech clarity. Great display. Excellent backlight. Voice dialing. Connectivity
Small size
size and form factor
size, easy to open with one hand
very small, Good reception, Clear sound.
Lots of great features
Smaller phone with all the features
Size, Well back lit, ability to use data kit.
It was small
External called ID, compact, extremely durable, great reception
Trimode, still competitive with its ahead-of-its time battery life, size & weight
Lightweight and easy to carry; digital; attractive and stylish design.
Small, lightweight, sturdy, good reception and cool looking
Great size and lightweight; durable phone!
Better looking than a Nokia
Clear reception; no unexpected disconnects; features
Very small and compact.
Voice activated dialing, many extra features, long battery life, small size
Compact size and weight, user-friendly, good performance/reception
small, slim, high-end features, customizeable, sturdy, easy-to-read display, price
Ergonomically and aesthetically pleasing, more features than Ben & Jerry's flavors
Feature rich, long battery life, stylish, light weight
Sleek, Multiple rings, Good battery life
sleek design, can be completely personalized, great price
Good battery life, most needed features, improved interface for Motorola, programmable shortcuts
Small, lightweight, but sturdy.  Price.
Good design, durability, signal quality and lots of features for a low price.&#13;&#10;
Size, features
price/feature, voice dialing, trimode
Same features as the V60c at a fraction of the cost
Small, MANY Features, Awesome style, Great feel, Good selection of ringtones, Vibrate, Customizable
Compact size, light-weight, many features, battery life, Two way text messaging.
Small, voice activated dialing, voice memos, looks good, features, battery life
Voice activated dialing. Good battery life. Cool blue backlight. Great price.
Light, sleek, beautifully structured, long battery life, easy to personalize.
Small, great reception, great battery life
Inexpensive, Great value.
Tons of features, sleek, light-weight, good quality
good size, voice dialing, strong signal, vibrates, Huge phonebook.
Hmmm...it makes a great doorstop? Oh, I know...It fits in your pocket.
Inexpensive, plenty of features for the money, good sound quality.
It was free.  Small, lightweight, good ring tone.
Battery life, voice dialing, stores lots of numbers
Extremely durable, very long battery life, lasts for years.
Cheap, Basic, OK Starter Phone
Size, style, durability, OS, sound, reception.
Price, menu interface, looks, style, general features, MOTOROLA name, signal, many more.
cheap, battery life long, lots of toys
Good size  and battery life easy to use&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;full featured
Size, Features, Sound Quality, Battery Life, Reception, Voice Dial, Menu
All the features of a $100 cell phone for just $25
Great size, shape and features, especially voice notes
Lightweight, Relatively small, Good reception
Size, weight, features, ease of use, useful buttons around the top of the phone
Small, many features, voice-activation
Small enough to fit in your pocket. Vibration alert.Good display.
Lots of decent features, great battery life, seems well made
Voice activated dialing, Small size.
Nice price, great phone book, good voice memo recorder, feature rich
Lightweight, stylish, detachable faceplate, easy to read menus
Detailed timers/logging for all calls, size, user interface, battery life.
Ergonomics; Voice-activated dialing; battery life; appearance
sleek, perfect size, tons of features, voice activation, internet-ready, great value, great battery life
Lots of features, easy to use, fits comfortably in hand, fast connection
inexpensive for its size, cute design,very durable
Great features and specifications for price.
Compact Size, Many Features, Customizeable Covers, Low Cost
Cool phone. Has LOTS and LOTS of features. Excellent user interface, battery life.
aesthetically pleasing, voice-activated, side scroll buttons are easy to use
small, light, long battery life.
Compact size,fabulous battery life,clear sound..especially from calls received
sleek design, features
Lightweight, good features
Long Battery Life, Great Clarity, Easy use of features, Voice Dial
Voice identification, 32 styles of rings, and EVERYTHING else about it.
Long battery life, size.
pretty
same features as v60c but 1/5 the price, voice-calling, 2-way text messaging, good battery
It is a cute phone with great ring styles.
Voice recording is great.
lots of features, lightweight, clear
voice recognition,size,clarity,large display,large phone-book capacity,recessed on/off button,easy to store numbers,32 different rings,lightweight
At least it didn't explode
Excellent features, excellent battery life!!!, durability, ease of use
Excellent for college! Perfect size, durability, phonebook w/voice identification, PRICE, overall quality.
Blackjack game
It was free.  Good talk time.
cheap. voice dialing
Great signal strength and good battery life. Accessories cheap.
Tri-Mode
cheap(not worth it), small(falls out of pocket easily), popular(too popular now)
Excellent Screen, Great Price, Compact and Stylish (both color and shape)
- Good Standby time
very clear, easy to use, nice size
Sleek look, buttons easy to press
Battery life,Great reception excellent signal strenght,Game,Caller ID,Call Waiting, and Voice Mail!
Cute design, price.
Cheap, compact, many features, large phonebook, excellent battery life
Small, sleek, easy to use and voice-activated dialing.
The only good thing about this phone is battery life..its really good
Size, powerful features
good reception and sound quality
None
recessed on/off, clear sound, voice dial, easy buttons & menus
Amazing Features, Great Battery, Voice recorder, great sounding easy to use phone!
Easy to Use, Unbeatable Clarity
Lightweight, easy to use, plenty of flexability in software (organize menu...etc)
Great Reception, small and sleek
Good battery life & features
Battery life, UI, features, price
Decent battery life.
Decent reception and battery life. Durable.
Inexpensive phone with some features. Refer a friend and get 100 Free Minutes.
Durable-dropped it at least 23 times and still kicking, small
It does have a loud ringer.
Feature rich, small enough to fit in a pocket; can be used internationally.
bluetooth, voice dialing, color screen, camera
Great background noise cancellation feature, solid build, comeback of normal ringers
Good Quad band world phone. Bluetooth, Camera, great connectivity. Must have for a Geek/Gadget Freak.
Cool look, Bluetooth, global phone
Looks, style, feature packed, quad band, changeable faceplates, bluetooth
Sound clarity, list of features, sturdy, well built, nice design
Appearance
Looks, features, nice screen, replaceable parts
Attractive, has most features that one expects and more, unique, will satisfy a Motorola fan
Price, Many Features, Bluetooth, Speaker Phone, good picture quality
Easy to use
Sleekness, Color Screen, Camera, Internet Enabled, Bluetooth Technology
Numerous features, size, and weight
chic construction, mp3 ringtones, great screen, beautiful earpiece sound
*Sleek design
Bluetooth, good phone performance.
Looks Good
Bluetooth, Bluetooth, Bluetooth! Appearance and build quality. Voice dial.
stylish, has a camera, bluetooth enabled
Great form factor, tri-mode, easy-to-use menus, plays MP3s, decent photo quality.
Looks, Camera
Clamshell design is nice, good speaker phone, compact.
Bluetooth, good picture, lotsa features
This phone is stylish, compact, has a great external speaker
Durable flip phone which is easy to use.
Works great when outside.
Looks Sleek, Voice Dialing, Speaker Phone, Camera, Video Clips, Voice Memo
MP3 ringtones.  Java games.  Flashy lights.
The keypad works most of the time...Not all the time but most
Stay away from this trash
It look nice and small enough to carry around in pocket but has poor functionality.
Camera, bluetooth, can view video clips, melodic ringtones, voice recording.
Video Clip playback, Color, Camera, Java Support
quad band, good call performance, bluetooth, clam, motorola navigation philosophy
Good display & camera.Good Looks.
Bluetooth
There are absolutely no redeeming features about this phone.
Bluetooth! , solid design, Great color display, cool ring lights, MP3 ringers
Camera Quality, Mp3 Ringtones, Solid build, Good screen quality
Sharp color display, Excellent Sound, WorldPhone, useful Organizer, Great Camera, simple menus, Bluetooth, Stylish.
MP3 ringtones, clarity of calls, java games, synchronizing of Outlook, solid construction (not easily broken!)
Great earpiece volume
100% excellent cellular phone, computer sync
Small, sleek, has all the basic features, works nicely, user friendly
Think of it as a Nokia 8260 on a party custume. Great reception.
Small and Lightweight, Great Clarity and Sound, Excellent backlight.
Size, Weight, White Backlight, signal
It's a Nokia.  Small Size.  Bright backlight.  Easy Nokia interface.
Small Size, Great back light, cool features, ease of use, clarity
Mobile text messaging, Internet browser.
Light weight; fits in palm the palm of your hand; colorful cases; white screen
Small, lightweight.
Changeable faceplates, lightweight, custom callergroups and ringtones, excellent reception!
sleek looking phone, easy interface, easy to get attached to
Like the 8260 but with better call quality
Ultra-sleek, mega-features, user-friendly
Powerful storage of short messages, interesting games, smart clock alarm, excellent battery
Size, changeable faceplates, bright display.
Intuitive Nokia interface; great screen; easy to use
Slim, small, light, practical, fit in any pocket without you noticing it.
Well lit screen, amazingly loud and clear reception, selection of ringers, easy to use interface
Small, long battery life, stylish
Small, compact, easy to use, ohh and the white lights, they rock...
Compact, Price and Options
Nice colors, compact and very easy to use.
Lithium Ion Battery, Contact Manager, Handy Tools.
Exceptional clarity, great features, lightweight, changeable faceplates
Excellent battery life as well as good reception and clarity.
Lightweight, Clear Calls, Changeable faceplates, great features.
Dual band, easy to use
A multitude of features, interchangeable colorful face plate options, Dual Band & Great Price
Small, light, tons of features, sounds great
really small
small, enough features &#13;&#10;
Excellent sound quality, good battery life, very durable.
Simple to use design, durable, reliable, clear calls, cheap!
Price, ease of use
Great Reception, anywhere.
Small,easy to use,changeable face plates,wireless web,200 contacts memory
super low price, light weight,
Inexpensive, lightweight, long battery time, ability to change face plates
Cheap, voice quality, batter life, features
Inexpensive, Well rounded, Good Battery Life
Easy Menu system, standard vibrator ring, customizable face plates
attractive detatchable face plates, clear calls, compact size, nice price
Battery life, many faceplates, good vibrate function
Great features, Excellent Voice Clarity, fashoniable, and light.
Good reception, good battery life.
Clarity is exceptional. Lots of unexpected features.
Tri-mode capability (With Verizon).  Crisp, high resolution screen.  Great bells and whistles.
Definetly worthwhile for the price
It's size is nice.  It is easy to use for the most part.
Size, Reception, Large Icons, Button Size
Agreat lightweight phone
Compact, but not teeny. easy-to-read display.
WEB CAPABILITY,TIP FIGURING, CALCULATOR
Easy to read screen, can change face plates
Clear signal, light weight and reasonably small
None that I can see.
loyal:great reception, incredible resistance to heavy blows, a conversation piece
colorful features, extra large font, alarm/w/timer and email feature.
Digital Camera, Sprint Quality Service, Sanyo Quality Product
I liked the fact that it was a camera phone...
Looks, Cool little features, size, camera
Size, weight, color screen, features, and ringers
Good reception, Neat features, OK Camera, Long Battery Life
Good battery life, good connection.
it does what it was made to do: call and get calls
Size, monochrome LCD screen, ease of use, durability, reception
Under $200, Great Reception, No display to crack, No antenna to break or bend
Free
Gee, a horrendous bill, a lousy phone, and it's my fault? You tell me.
Lightweight, attractive silver flip-style, durable, simple.
A simple phone i nicknamed "The Tank". Inexpensive and Extremely intuitive
inexpensive, easy to use, compact.
Small, cheap.
Compact size, easy to work around, alarm feature. NO CAMERA! Very durable...just ask the concrete!
Easy to use, Un-cluttered by "extras", Good value.
small size, inexpensive
Easy to use; light weight; battery life; easy to read display
Simplicity.  Compact and nice for the pocket.
Fairly small, easy to use, color faceplates, belt clip, upgrade features, wireless web
Lots of Features, easy to use, great way to keep in touch
Feature-packed for the money, web enabled, handy size, good sound quality
Sturdy, Effective, Reasonable Display
Durable, changeable faceplates
Solid, sturdy. Non-color screen is visible in bright daylight, color screens aren't!
"Cute," esp. for a Nextel, custom faceplates, headset jack, it's a Nextel!
Not to expensive, has worked pretty much flawlessly
Lightweight, web-enabled, clarity, blt-in speakerphone, inexpensive
Stylish, good performance, feature rich, tri-mode
Price. Features.
Speakerphone, lower price, voice dialing
Lightweight, very clear voice quality, decent feature set.
Great Voice Dialing, 2-way speaker phone excellent, affordable, slim & lightweight, nice size screen, Features+
SMS text messageing small, and looks cool
durable, really easy to use
Great Battery
Tri band, cheap, good size
Cheap.  Speaker phone that works good.  GPS for 911 to locate you if needed.
Small, stylish, excellent signal reception, attention getter, light, customizable
The most stylish phone you can get that isn't a Vertu.
Sexy looking, good reception, small and stylish
clever swivelblade design, elegant design, modifiable interface, compatibility with PC/PDA/laptops
THE most unique and stylish mobile phone on the market; small and lightweight.
Small, Light, Stylish, backlight
Stylish Looks, Interchangeable bezels & casing, reverse black/blue lit screen, rotating flip design, lightweight
New World standard for small size, very cool design, great reception.
Light weight, "cool factor", easy user interface, sound quality
New 360 swivel, stylish and adequate in any lighting
Great OS, gorgeous styling--gets looks everywhere, the price (finally)
Stylish, hot collectors item, SMALL
Stylish, cool, blue backlight, good battery time, great sound/speaker combo
 games
Very stylish
Lightweight, Good Screen, Good-Looking, Excellent Reception, Nice Design.
Sleek Design, GPRS
Excellent reception, Small, sleek
Stylish, small and compact, customizable
Nice toy for the looks.
Style, Small, just one word, "KEWL"
Trendy, beat-me-if-you-can kinda model, easy to use, elegant, light-lit key pad.
Ultra Small Light Stylish Durable well designed - Excellent Feature Set
Attractive, light, long battery life
Stylish, lightweight, Durable, SMALL, Feature-packed, 3G-Voice Capable, Multi-Chord Ringers!
Super-light and thin, cool ringers, big screen, great signal quality
Very light-weight, super-slim, high-resolution display, 3G compatible.
A sleek, tiny little phone packed full of extras.
Slim, Eye-Catching, Great Price and Durable
Stylish, SLIM, classy looking
Excellent sound quality, very thin and light, very stylish
size, weight, reception
lightest cell phone ever had
Thin, lightwieght, stylish, and many great features
Lightweight, Trendy, Great Talk Time, Durable, Soft Keypad
Size, Size, ans Size.
Good value for unit cost.
Lightweight, good reception, lots of features
wireless web capable, download ringtones & graphics capable, voice activated dialing, customized profiles for environments
Great reception, tough, many features, very cheap
Excellent battery life, good features for entry phone.
Cheap, Polyphonic Ringtones and Java on an entry level phone
Reception, text message software, uses sim cards, battery life
Internet Access,
Lots of features, compact design.
Large display, large buttons, reception, frugal battery usage, full featured, durable case
Great talk time, Excellent reception.
great size, good hearing capabilities
Polyphonic ring tones, loads of talk time, way better than Motorola c331
no antana
Good RF Performance.
Cheap, friendly interface.
Stylish, a lot of features, reliable, user-friendly
Good reception, excellent sound, fast and user-friendly UI, good battery, world phone
good battery life, charges quickly
Color screen, awesome reception, small, good feature set
great Nokia UI, world phone, color screen, polyphonic ringtones, small size, nice design
great size, speakerphone, silver look, color screen
Light but sturdy, loud ringer, Ab-Fab reception
Good reception, speakerphone, FM radio, familiar user interface, vibrate with ringtone, java.
Functionally superior, visually understated, great battery, great features. Reasonable price.
Good colour screen, Easy, Good polyphonics, Good range of features,
Speaker Phone, Color Screen, Size, Signal Strength
Strong signal, many ringtones, can download own pictures and create ringtones into phone
As stated above, the phone has many PROS.
Visually very nice. Excellent PC Suite integration. True business tool.
Convenient size. Loud speakerphone. Nice keypad. Color screen.
Nice color screen and good features
Size, looks, FM-radio capability, battery life, game options
Elegance appearance with a slim and graceful figure; strong function positioning, and abundant personal designing.
speaker phone, beautiful color screen, fm radio, polyphonic ring tones, java, wap, infrared
Small size, bigger buttons, long battery life
Size, battery life, reception, useful extras.
excellent reception-never drops a call,easy to carry and cofortable keypad.
Looks, audio clarity, battery duration, handsfree/radio, suits my requirements.
Small size, user friendly, better reception, ring tones
Clear, easy to use, fun, and colorful
tri-band, good speaker phone, great battery life, nice keys, pleasing sound, bright color screen
Small, Lightweight, Great Reception, Clear Speakerphone
Color screen, loudspeaker, IrDA, lightweight, stylish, polyphonic.
Good reception. Good battery life . Nice design.
Size, Reception, Speakerphone, Battery life
color, games, good sound quality, lightweight.
Solid construction, color screen, flat profile, tons of available software.  Fantastic Outlook sync. Speakerphone!
PDA, Phone, MP3 player, all in one, and each works well
Many features, battery life, not too big, lots of add-ons, stylish, syncing to PC
The screen is big enough for aging eyes to see.  Only one gadget to carry
Nothing it did not work
Most feature-packed and aesthetically-pleasing phone for lowest price, with great call clarity.
many well-integrated features, voice dialing, phonebook, email etc
Professional Appearance; Trimode CDMA; Web Access; Voice-activated Dialing; PIM
Awesome screen, stylish, good reception, loud ringer, strong vibrate, wireless web
Feature-rich for the price
looks; features; price; screen
Great features, easy to use, great look.
Stylish, Compact, Loaded with many features.
Sound Quality. Battery Life. Nice size and feel. Web Access. 2 way email.
solid built, good phonebook, sleek, nice reception, scheduler.
Tri-mode wide coverage, voice memos &dialing, low price, sharp resolution &design, light weight
Great build quality, unique call-screening feature, easy animated menu, sharp display & very customizable.
Great reception, small, well made. Good internet options.
Attractive appearance
size, battery life,  screen, reception
Large display, size
Good reception, nice and small, has a flip, easy to use, decent battery life
Easy to use!
Multi-functional, easy to use
Outstanding features, design, and performance. Excellent PDA. Sturdy construction. Complete detailed user guide.
Lightweight, nice backlight, time, date displays, auto redial.
Battery life, blue backlight, clarity.
GREAT durability, survived many falls, good battery life, voice dial
lightweight, good battery life, good clarity, stylish, easy to use, affordable
Great Battery Life, Low price, stores 500 contact numbers, customizable, tons of housing cases available
inexpensive, good battery life, good backlight, good reception
cool blue light
Light weight, durable, basic phone
Screen, Apps, Ease of Use
Intuitive, fantastic ergonomics, strong email support, good speakerphone, good browser, easy to read display.
Excellent phone. Wonderful features
very user friendly, right price for the service. good for young people
Great web browsing!Decent internet speed depending on where u are.Overall AMAZING PDA!
Web Browsing, easy texting and emailing.
All in one, like taking your PC with you wherever you go.
Great Device
the communication works
Packed with features, web access is convenient
Lightweight, lots of features, clam shell style with color.
Sleek, stylish.  Screen has awesome visibility. Small stature.
small, sleek design; long battery life; excellent reception; loads of goodies
Cool phone with laptop connectivity kit
Nice color display.  Very lightweight.  Features, features, and more features.
Small, very clear voice quality, comfortable to use, nice display, very stylish.
Lightweight, small footprint, extended features
LONG list of features, sleek design, compact size, clarity of reception, fantastic color screen
Small, light weight design and a colorful display.
Color Screen
Very Stylish, Great Screen, Great Reception
Nice compact design. Great sound quality.
easy installation, works first time
Good Reception, multi-color, integrates 100% with my car
GREAT sound quality, easy phonebook, love the display!
Lightweight, strong reception, clarity, compact, easy to see display
Weight, Style, Display
Excellent 3 color display, easy to use, small, and light.
GREAT sound, GREAT Display, GREAT battery Life, and it's Tri-Mode.
Light weight, nice belt clip, clear display, excellent battery.
Display, ruggedness
Screen, Appearance, Battery Life, Quality, Ergonomics, Recption, Layout, Ease of Use
Screen, price, size, phone color, quality
Looks great, Provides Great service, Thin, awesome display!
Comfortable and small, nice positioning of earpiece and mike.
Small size, color screen, very good battery life and reception.
Size, flip feature
great display, great features, durable (so far), with good battery life
Nice looking, good features
A crystal clear display, fool-proof.&#13;&#10;
Excellent visual display, keyboard and receiver. Good choice for elderly or handicapped.
The "Oooh" Factor.  Small size.  Belt clip.
Trippy tir-color display, small and light, excellent sound quality
Lightweight, readable display, vibrating
Lightweight, eye-catching display, great signal strength.
Small, nice design, long battery life, features
Vibrant color screen, tri mode, and 150% improvement!
clarity, rather quick charge and display
Organic Color Display, Style, Ease of use
The color display!
It's sleek and light weight
Nice looking phone with an easily readable screen.
good looking, light weight
Nice Looking
Solid Motorola Design. Great Features. Excellent Reception with a reliable provider.
Light-weight, advanced features
Reception. Battery Life. Easy to read display. Sync with PC software. Durability.
Functionality, design, quality, business use
Outstanding RF performance and sound quality. Motorola Quality. Neat OEL. display. Pimp'n sleek stylee!
small size,ease of use,clear reception,color screen,
Easy to use.
Size, design, Pop-Port, easy interface, FM radio
STYLE! Color, polyphonic tones, speakerphone, radio, headset
It's a colour phone,comes with fun games, and is easy to use
Quality radio, radical design, color screen, comfortable hold.
Light, Full-color screen, Feature-rich, Great design
Neat, fresh new design. Light and portable. Colour Screen.
Usability, Design, Colour Screen, Good Reception, Connectivity, Fun Features.
Color screen, tri-band operation, changeable faceplates, speakerphone
radio
Color screen, tri-band operation, changeable faceplates, speakerphone
4096 Colors, Triband, GPRS, MMS, SMS
Great loudspeaker function, trendy, 128x128 pixels screen resolution
Screen, Sound, FM Radio, Battery life, Easy to use, Price
Nice looks, plenty functions.
Style,size,Excellent list of multimedia options
Very stylish, great features & is the ideal fashion accessory!
Color screen, lightweight, styleish.
High style, color screen, FM radio, speakerphone, polyphonic ring tones
Interesting design, radio, good volume, Color Screen
color screen   downloadable games   chageable faceplate
I like everything on this phone it's light,  it's small.
Large enough so you can actually see and push the buttons
Inexpensive, feature-packed phone. Excellent battery life. Light-weight.
Great reception, rich with features, user-friendly,  ergonomic fit, web ready
Could be a nice for those new to cellular phones, good selection of features.
reliable, excellent ergonomic design, crammed with features, top talk and stanby time, email and more
Too many to list, but my fave is it's functionality.
So Many Features, Lightweight
Low cost, amazing features, totally configurable, and MUCH more.
Great price. Useful, abundant and well thought out features. Excellent voice quality.
good basic phone without a lot of useless features
PRICE,FEATURES AVAILABLE, SIZE,
Tons of great features, small size, light weight
Good size, easy operation, good options good battery life.
Easy to use, great features like text messaging
Ease of use, features, quality
Good user interface design; good ergonomics
Switchable face plates, vibrate/silent ringer, web-enabled, instant messenger, long battery life, key guard
Appearance is nice, great feel in the hand
Lots of helpful features. Super reception & easy to use.
Light small
Small, compact, great battery life, great reception
Phone has excellent reception and good features for the price
VERY easy to use. Just enough features. Good for a first cell phone.
Very easy to use and seems to have pretty good clarity.
Good size, great reception, easy to use menus
Everything you would expect from a cell phone.
Great sound, always clear, large window screen, easy to use
Tiny
inexpensive, lightweight, small and fairly convient
Light Weight, Menu, Color face plates
good interface, durable body, good accu, low price
nothing special
Slim, Many features, Easy to use, Long lasting battery
Lightweight, durable, attractive.  Easy to use.
Compact, Easy to Navigate Menus, Clarity, Reception, Phone Book
Ease of use, reception, phone book, camera, screen, price!
compact, lightweight, flip-phone with camera
Great reception, many features, color screen, camera, voice dialing
Great phone - Don't use Verizon
It looks pretty with flashing blue lights
Many useful and handy features.
call quality, battery, color screen, speakerphone
Small size, good battery life, big memory, packed with features
Great phone, very durable, intuitive menus, good ringer, and decent speakerphone
Flashing lights, customizable look, easy to use, durable, good reception
Good reception, battery life, screen, camera, features
stylish, large bright screen, camera quality.
Easy to use
Lots of stuff
Camera, ringtones, user-friendly
Triband, camera-phone
long battery life
Clear Digital Photos
Looks good and got a lot of fancy features and flashy looks.
Design, battery life seems good
(applicable from CDM 8600) Small form factor, easy to use
Analog/Digital Cell Phone with Camera, the Web and Games!
Nice looks, lots of features, camera/flash a big plus, nice ringers, easy to use.
camera, good shape, games, LCD screens, reception, double batteries
Sleek, Feature-rich, Stylish, Easy to use, extra battery
Size, ease of use, features to please most anyone
Lots of features, two 65k-displays, design and did I mention features?
Good camera with you at all times, great features
Great gimmicky phone that will get you some attention at public places.
Large Screen, Camera Features+Flash, Second Battery
Beautiful display, small form factor, solid construction
TFT Color Display, Solid Construction, Built in Camera w/flash, Ringers
Excellent reception, vivid color screens, solid feel in your hand,and a quality low-res camera.
Good construction, stylish, great color screen.
Camera + Phone!
Cute screen saver, Camera, Ringtones.
Reliable
Color, internet, ringtones, camera w/flash, charges fast, alarm/calendar, nifty novelties, clamshell design
Great features, easy to navagate, many options
Camera with 640x480 resolution
Integrated Camera, Call Screening, Dual Color Screens, Fastest Vision Phone I've Tested.
Signal reception
Great color and picture quality. extensive features. Sprint quality service. Camera. Internet. etc! Love it!
Sleek, lightweight, no need to bring a separate camera
built in camera, external color display, cool factor.
Great Reception,Large color Display , Camera and construction
great signal strength, good battery life beautiful screen
camera... only $30 w/ Sprint's special offer
Good Camera, Flash, Screen on the exterior of phone
All-in-one Phone-PDA combination
Very small, simple to use menu and almost never have to use stylus
pda power without excessive geekiness
very easy to use and set up.
Small, sleek, color screen, lots of features, good quality, screen on front of phone
everything but design and lack of games
Slender, lightweight and functions well as a phone.
rugged, very nice screen, superb speakerphone and noise cancelling, excellent battery life
The best Vision phone available to date!
Best reception of any vision phone
Good signal, nice display, great performance, feature rich.
Web, reception, durability, battery, address book, calendar, GUI, ringer switch
JAVA, Battery Life, Voice notes, Speaker phone, quick charge time
Improved display, improved menus, lightweight, lithium ion battery, lots of features
Weight, Voice Notes, New Phone Book, Address Book, and JAVA!
Great layout, good speakerphone, nice included apps
Service, durability, ergonomics
Larger display than the other nextel phones, longer battery life, better sound quality, java-enabled games
Really cool features, voice dialing, better games, customize-able menus
Battery, JAVA, Many options and settings, tough.
Voice activated dialing, speakerphone, long battery life, clear display
GPS, Direct Contect,Java,Very Large Screen
Feature rich phone, ease of use,good screen size, and what a price!
Lightweight, able to Direct Connect without selecting a Mode
Tons of great features with stylish look to boot!
Looks nice, works well for a while.
A great phone.
Greatly Improved Interface, Looks COol!
plenty of features
Nice set of features. Easy to use.
size, shape, caller id, voicemail, voice activated dialing, sound quality
Compact, Durable, Cool Green Color, Rubber Buttons, Easy to Read
Light, Good Battery Life, Easy to Use
Great phone book,Great Reception,Size,&#13;&#10;Voicedialing,Battery life
reception, features, weight, phonebook, battery life
Everything
Battery Life&#13;&#10;Small Size&#13;&#10;Large Display&#13;&#10;4 Digit Call
excellent range of features, and It's Fun!
GREAT QUALITY/BATTERY/EXTRA'S
Light, Long Battery Life, Bells and Whistles
voicemail indicator, phone book, speakerphone, web-enabled, variety of ringers...
A phone you can trust for its functionality and construction
Easy navigation, speakerphone, large display, battery life
Great battery life, Call quality is A1, Not terribly expensive
Comfortable size, good voice quality
Speakerphone, Clarity, Easy-to-use interface, and Features
Small size&#13;&#10;Many features
Advanced address book, easy menu navigation, lots of features for the price
Large Screen, easy to navigate with one finger(or should I say your thumb)
Small, long battery life, lots of features.
many advanced features, multi-entry phonebook, voice dialing, calendar/PIM, large screen
Overall good design
Small size, clear reception, so easy to use-my technology impaired dad can operate it.
Tons of great features!
Long battery life, great speakerphone, great phone book features, great size, weight and feel
Huge Display, Rugged, Super Battery Life, T9 Text Recognition, Packed with Features
Features, quality made, features
Speakerphone, large screen, top quality
many features,large screen, small, lightwieght,
full featured including speaker phone
Read above!
large LCD display &#13;&#10;Crystal Clear Reception all over the United States. &#13;&#10;
Color, new smaller size, very loud ringer,strong vibrating battery longest
Battery, styling, size, just about everything.
This phone is very reliable and the voice features are fun to play with.
Size, handling, large screen, games, voice dialing, scheduler, phone book
Best reception along with clarity, durability for high usage users.
Features, Size
Sleek design. It has everything you could ever want in a PCS phone.
Many,Many,features.  Too many to name.
Versitility
QUALITY construction, COMPACT, OUTSTANDING PHONEBOOK..  User Friendly PERIOD
Great features, small package
Works Great, Crystal Clear Sound, TONS of options
Battery life, size, voice dialer
Small, lightweight, excellent battery life.
Wonderful Interface, elegant and easy to use
good voice control
Small, lightweight, and easy to use. Good battery life
Compact and easy access buttons
Long battery life, light, easy to use, free after rebate.
...Great Combinations of Features; Small, yet Functional Package...
The smallest (so far)
Small, Small, Small
lightweight, tiny, great reception, great battery life, tons of options
small size, light weight
small, light, small, light, small...
Small, functional, wireless web option, decent battery life with included battery
Beautiful design, Good reception, Holographic display
Extremely small, but comfortable to grip; very good design and functionality; great UI; looks cool!
Looks AMAZING, Works Great, Impresses People
Super-small and super-cool; web-enabled
size and reception are awesome
size,battery life,style, features
Size, power, attitude
small size
Excellent design, Clever phone book
Size, ease of use
Light, durable, lots of options.
Size, weight
Cute and small, Number storage, dual mode, minibrowser, price went down a lot.
Small size, aesthetic qualities
Size, weight, features, reception.
EVERYTHING
Great size, good sound
Size, Feel, Quality
This is the coolest looking phone!
Small, attractive, great phone book
BEST PHONE IN THE ENTIRE WORLD
Nice small form factor, cool looking
small size
Extra small size, different colors to choose
Very small size, long battery life.
small, lightweight, durable, easy to use
quite small and thin
Light, conveinent to carry, reception.
Large Screen, Voice Quality, Gimmick-free phone
All technical features.
All-in-one Communicator, GPRS support, and convenient keyboard
A ton of different features, as advanced a phone as you will find
Great features, very durable, simple and easy to use.
Speaker Phone, direct connect, largest color screen, easy to navigate & customizable menus
Big screen for flip phone, Very cool features, COLOR, COLOR, COLOR
Amazing features, great coverage, sturdy, good battery life, nice color screen.
Large color screen, external Caller ID, backlit buttons, SUPERB speakerphone.
Look, Looks you get, capabilities and questions asked about the phone and service.
direct connect feature, color, many options and programs.
Large display, LOUD speaker, GREAT signal indoors and out
Nice color screen, good flip phone, fun downloadables
Easy to use, Color Screen, Loaded w/ ringers, and screensavers.
Color Screen, Small size, PTT option
Large color screen, Lots of features, Direct connect feature
Color, Options
LARGE color screen, customizable wallpaper & ring-tones, sharp appearance.
Large color display, Great features
Full featured and lighweight
Internet Browser, Voice Recognition, sleek and very lite.
it's a phone &amp; it works, audio dialing
Great phone
slim, voice recognition, affordable
Lots of features for a lot less money these days.  Lightweight.  Sturdy.  Long battery life.
Battery life, tri-mode, phonebook size, voice dial
Calls are Clear, Feature Rich, Settings Rich
All the features, fantastic battery, light
Good battery life; ease of use
Easy to use, LOOOOONG battery life.
great features,different rings,easy to use,lots of room to store names
Many cool options, Great sound, Easy to use
A feather-light, easy phone to use, even for a first-timer!
Super Battery Life, Lightweight, Small
Tri-mode, Wireless web, Quick battery charge, Voice dialing
Sleek, light weight, and loaded with features.
VAD Feature is COOL
Large screen, good reception
Great  performance, Easy to read screen.
Good size, easy to hear, tri-mode, voice-activated dialing
Lightweight; Exceptional Sound; Great Battery Life; Voice Activated Dialing; Web Browser Enabled
Tri-mode, easy to use
Voice activated dialing, small and lightweight, good battery life.
Easy Layout, good reception most places, dependable
So many cool options
light, web access, long life battery, small
Fairly durable phone with lots of neat features and gadgets.... Web enabled
Lightweight, clear sound, trimode, lots of features.
Slim, good display, full featured to the max
User Interface, Hands Free, Feature Packed
Web-ready, connects to e-mail, lightweight, earphone jack, voice-activated dialing.
Good size, phone features easy to use
Net ready, voice activated dialing, vibrating, crystal clarity, and verizon service!
feature rich
long battery life, light weight
special rings for special numbers
Voice Dial, Vibration and/or Ring, Web accessibility
Looks great, light weight, great battery, small, tons of cool features.
easy
large display, lots of features
Light, long battery life
weight, voice recognition, dedicated voice/text mail buttons
Very comfortable to use.
Many features, small battery
Caller ID, Voice Activated, Number Saving, Price
Ease of use, phonebook
Small, clear sounding, vibrating ringer, lithium battery, voice dialing!
drop in charger
size, voice activated dialing, ease of use
Nice look and feel, long battery life
Small, clear sound, durable, good design
Sleek, lightweight
Many features as standard, clear sound. Easy to use.
it WORKS beyond expectations..
slim design, easy to lock-unlock keys&#13;&#10;
lightweight, convenient, attractive&#9;&#9;
voice activation, lots of fun rings, clarity was better than i expected.
Small, lots of features.
Many features.  Easy Menu.  Long Life.
voice dialing, web/email, many extra option
Long battery life Reception OK
Long battery life and excellent call reliability.  Closest thing I've seen to shock-proof electronics.
Camera, nice features, small and cute, records my voice.
Stylish, excellent display and sound quality, good camera
Built in camera, many other great features, style, and great reception.
Packed with features, tools, and accessories.
Great screen, nice form factor, tweakable software and reliable signal
Good phone at a Great Price that can be upgraded via software.
Good camera, easy use menu, bright display, not too much else...
Internal & external displays
Great feel, camera, nice look.
I am amazed with everything this phone can do, and do well it does.
Battery life is long, camera, java games, mp3 ringtones, color screen
Cachet, cute, voice navigation works well.
Size of the phone. Features fits my needs for business
Style factor, coolness, exterior display, size, camera, built, speaker
5 MB memory, plays mp3 and midi, picture ID
lot's of fancy features (that most people don't need)
good camera, lots of features, cute
- Aesthetically pleasing, and highly functional.
Camera, Smart Card, Speakerphone, Uploadable Phone Numbers, Case has nice nonslip feel.
MP3 Ringtones, MIDI Ringtones, Good Camera, Smooth Scratch-Resistant Surface, Good LCD Screen
stylish, light, great camera (when it works)
lots of features: speaker phone, built in camera, attractive case
Size, durablity, tons of features!
small, easy to carry, stylish, takes good pictures for the price of the phone
camera, small, appears durable
The looks, camera, grip, nice arranged buttons, display,download tunes and wallpapers,compose ring tones.
Color screen is great, downloads are fun, battery life is very good, phone is light
Looks, color
reception, size, camera, everything
Size, features, quality color display, loud speaker phone, accurate voice dial, great look and feel
Small, light weight.
Super cute exterior, small size, blue led
I like the color and the features that it has. I like the speaker phone.
Worked OK for about 4 months of light use.
Pretty to look at, a dream phone for the first month or so.
Color Screen, Cool Design.
Stability, Features, Reliability
Sleek, excellent speakerphone, efficient voice-dial, plenty of memory, wallpapers and MP3 ringtones
small, speaker phone is excellent, battery life, good reception
Great feel, size, weight
Camera and video a plus.  good reception.
great external speaker ,plays mp3 ringtones ,good camera ,has gprs and mms
Camera, Aim Intergrated, WAP, 65k color
Nice looking, Camera worked well, Nice screen.
Great camera and screen, reception is good and the speaker phone works as it should.
See above
Small size, many features, airplane mode, calendar
Strong personal information management tools, OpenWave web browser, awesome battery life for color screen.
battery life, screen, memory capacity, airplane mode, size, price
small and light weight, battery life. great ringers. External Caller ID/ time display.
Large color screen, wireless internet, speakerphone, easy navigation, Voice Dialing & GPS
Lightweight, Bright, Clear Screen and Has an amazing amount of features.
Color screen, polyphonic ringtones, very portable.
See Below.
The pros?...Little to no cons
Great phone with color screen awesome browser organizer and configurability
attractive, well designed, intuitive,
Nice color screen, great ringers, small..
Brilliant technology, beautiful design, & amazing sound & quality.
Reasonable price, practical features, compact size and external display
Small size, great organizer schedule, better than the Samsung N400
Beautiful color display, many ringtones, very customizable
Color screen, voice dial, external display
Very compact size with cool graphical interface.
Small, light, great call quality
Brilliant Blue Backlighting; Easy to Use; Color Screen; Great Ringtones
Sleek design, excellent color screen, nice ringtones, good organizer.
This phone is small, a unique color, and has a nice color screen.
You can set the buttons to make a sound like water drops - funny!
Small, lots of features, nice screen, external caller ID, reception
Typical Color phone nothing fancy.
Perfect screen, great ringers, attractive look, small, easy to use, MANY GREAT AND USEFUL OPTIONS.
Compact, light, good sound, many features, VOICE RECOGNITION!, nice
Excellent Quality, Clear Screen, Voice Activated
Easy to learn how to use, large screen for easy viewing
Almost everything is GREAT!
Small, light, looks good, great battery life, excellent sound and signal quality
Battery life, easy to use, great sound, LOUD RINGER
Durable, good battery life, large screen size
No Comment
simple
Stellar sonics and reception; thin; light, GPS ready; 2-way duplex speakerphone; and voice-activated dialing
Battery life, listen only speakerphone, data connectivity, light weight
QUALITY AND PRICE
Small, long battery life, ABSOLUTE BEST RECEPTION
Great reception. Good ergonomics. Nice screen. Easy to use. Modest price.
Great in Analog only areas Quick to find Digital when available.
Phone works in weak digital signal areas
Color screen, size, decent battery power.
Huge Color Display, Big Outer Screen, Design, Weight, Battery Life, Features
Color Screen, GPRS (high speed wireless), World Phone
Stylish design and compact.
Small, light weight, easy to use, full color screen.
great color, great sound
Nice looking phone, many features, excellent color display
Lightweight, cool blue back light, slim, infrared, big screen
External caller ID/Time, Color, Flip
Great sound, comfy keys & fit, can download graphics and tones, easy use, external display.
overall design, options, color
great colored screen, stylish, and compact
Beautiful screen, smooth flip top, small and comfortable, great sounds
Color screen, numerical clarity, size
Color, sound, batterly life, and clarity
good quality, compact, easy to use, features
Excellent phone, sleek, full-color, tri-band
Beautiful Screen, easy to use, packed with features.
Beautiful phone.  Beautiful screen.
Outstanding display, Great voice quality, Many Features
Downloads & Design!
color screen, options, sounds, comfort, hands free set
Fun, cool, big screen, intuitive/easy to use
large letter display
Battery life excellent, Colorful and Attractive, Easy to use Interface
Color menus, stylish style, size
Menus are easy to use and looks really nice
lightweight, bright LCD, many features, excellent clarity
Looks good
Phone was of average quality.
Small size, flip cover, comes with a second battery and other accessories.
Games, screen, tones, looks
pocket sized.
Small, bright color
The screen is fine.
Easy to use, has many features I need
Versatile face plate exchanges, 39 ring tones, Caller ID, 3 Games, Call log
Small, Many Features, Built to Hold Up
Cheap, plenty of features, usually cheap with a "package deal" from service provider
Inexpensive, Durable, Simple features, easy to use&#13;&#10;
Varied ring selections, interchangeable face plates.
Small, Colorful, Works Great
Price, excelent features for such a cheap phone, good construction
Great clarity, small and light, many convenience features and durable.
Size, faceplates, accessories, games, rings, versatility... etc.
Price, Ability to change look, Battery life, Keylock, Easy to use
Ease of use, features, overall quality rocks
Light weight, great clarity, easy functions, easy to use.
Good old Nokia menus and features
Slim, sleek and does what it's supposed to do
Good memory function, snake, good call clarity, price
Tho low price and powerful function
Color faceplates, ring features, good size
Rugged, good battery life, above average reception, easy to use name/number storage, accending volume ringer.
Compact size, clear reception, many great features.
Nokia menu/functions.
Many, many features.
A pretty good phone with lots of name brand and after market accessories
Slim, Colorful Covers, Li-Ion Battery, Clear Reception
3 games, call log, phone book, email, clock, 30 different ring tones
Mobile, changeable face plates, good sound quality, advanced features
Size, battery life, customizing features, easy text entry.
Cheap
Small, lightweight, easy to use
40 RingTones, Faceplates,By Nokia
Reliable, Easy to use, long battery life
Very good size, easy to follow programming, not fancy.
Handy little bugger this one
Good screen, has games and can send messages.
clear signal. Nice battery life. Small
Durable, light, nice features
small,great and cheap.
Personalize your phone in many way
Lightweight, Sturdy, Fits just about anywhere, Replaceable Face Plate
extremely sturdy, long battery life, good volume, quick menu access, some good rings
Small, lots of features, GPRS
Tri-band + GPRS + FastInfraRed = ideal phone for businesspeople and travelers
GSM; GPRS; Voice-activated dialing; Appearance; WAP; World phone (Trimode; PIM
Appearance, tri-band world phone, GPRS, voice activated dialing
Flexibility, tri-band, appearance, reasonable price
Nice looking, great sound, easy locking
GSM coverage in US, Europe and Africa, long talk time, text messaging
GPRS;WAP;iTAP;500#phonebook&PIM;Battery&#13;&#10;Exceptional voice and very easy menu
many many features, great sound, triband, light weight
nice design, adjustable volume, durability, clarity, features, reception
Stylish design, built-in micro browser.
Tri-band support allows you to use the phone in Europe, Asia, and the USA
lots of features, good battery life, infra red
Lightweight,long battery life,usable worldwide,great sound(better than Nokia),web ready and more.
Good handset sound quality, good RF
Sleek and stylish, best displays in the market.
Stylish design, great display screens, plenty of strong features.
Beautiful, light weight, easy to use, optional camera, clarity, did I mention it's beautiful?
Sleek style.
Cute Appearance, Cool Ringers, Excellent Color Display, External Caller ID, etc..
Size, shape, weight, color, reception, Internet, voice dialing, talk time and hands-free safety
Looks great, awesome display, lots of features
Looks awesome, thin, small and lightweight, great reception
Beautiful screen, polyphonic ring tones, 144kb/sec internet access, free second battery.
Brilliant color screen, small profile, highly visible backlit keys.
Looks pretty cool, nice ring tones
EXCELLENT SCREEN CLARITY, AND SMALL COMPACT SIZE
NICE, Best TFT Screen,(amazing). The Best ring tones.Features.Sprint PCS, A Beautiful Phone
LCD Display, size
Great color display!  Small, sleek, very light - nice phone!! Free online downloads!
Style, Color Display, Ringers, Second Battery Free
Small, lightweight, stylish, color screen, good SprintPCS coverage varies), aggressive plan prices
Color screen, Dual band, external CID, Voice Dial
TFT color display, Ringers & Wallpaper, Web Display, External Display
Large, beautiful & colorful LCD. Large external LCD.
resolution, battery life, user friendly, navigation, clarity, fun/interaction
The price is dropping and firmware upgrades are happening.
cool ringer, nice size,hi-res color graphics
TFT Color screen, lots of features, especially interesting ringers, java, awesome looking, slim!!
Nice color screen. Easy ability to download ringers.  Slender and light.
Great Mobile Phone, the finest phone in the market today, very Cool
light weight, great color screen, very customizable, awesome voice clarity
Great Menu useabilty/ user friendly settings and controls. obviously "real world" beta tested
Small, stylish, great features
Small and stylish. Rich in features.
Color screen resolution, easy to navigate, loud ringer, mobile internet capability, free second battery
Size, Screen, Free extra battery, battery life.
Lexus of Mobile Phones
Small size.  Nice color screen indoors.
Very small and lightweight. Great color screen. Trendy.
Colour screen, polyphonic ringtones, size & weight
small size,brilliant screen,excellent ringers
Great colorful display, great ringers, Small and Lightweight, wonderfull features.
Sleek, stylish, light, feature-laden, Samsung quality
Great performance, sleek design, tons of features, excellent color display.
Good looks and excellent sound quality
Small, sleek, light; just my titanium girl style. And packed with features too!
Compact, nice look
The external display for caller ID and clock, date are nice features.
Coolest looking phone on earth
Looks
Small (fits in pocket), stylish, color screen, great reception, a real conversation piece
Small, looks good
Great design, compact, nice cost.
Small Size, Good battery life, easy to use buttons
compact, good battery life, Web access, speakerphone feature, voice dial feature, lighted keypad
Lightweight, easy to conceal.
Love the speakerphone function and big screen
Compact,durable,
Small and nice features
Nicely lit display, sturdy built
Great battery life and the web access
Definitely future-proof!
Options galore, adaptable, a "cool" phone
Tiny, feature-rich, colorful and large screen for its overall size
Color screen, insane battery life/talk time, small and light, Blutooth, GPRS.
Small & durable, 256-color LCD, long-lasting battery, great features, bluetooth enabled
Great color Phone, Great OS, Triband, GPRS, T68i updateable - Picture phonebook, MMS,
tiny, sleek, color, bluetooth, IR, GPRS, WAP, World GSM compatible
"Cool" factor, Bluetooth, Voice activation, Fantastic battery life
Small, Light, Bluetooth, IR, Battery Life, Tri-band
Great battery life, loaded with features
Technologically advanced, blue-tooth, color screen, great battery life
Small, nice features, good quality
Color screen; WAP; GSM; BlueTooth and IR
Feature rich, solid build quality, great screen, design and feel.
Color screen, intuitive interface, small size, huge featureset
Tri band&#13;&#10;BT, IR & GPRS&#13;&#10;Small size&#13;&#10;Good battery autonomy
Very hip, highly customizable, color screen
Small form factor, Color Screen, Integrated Bluetooth
Fabulous Color Screen, Incredible Size, Ergonomic, and Better Battery Life.
Something to do during boring lectures.
Small, light, bluetooth, excellent phone book, and that color screen.
Great Features, Excellent battery life, and usability
The Whole phone, features, style, build quality
Color Screen, battery life, memory capacity
Great looking, long battery life and tons of fun features.
Color LCD, background pictures, voice dialing & answering
Features, compact size
Durable flip phone,stylish,loud ringtone, reasonable price
Excellent durability, more than adequate memory, many really cool features.
"Chirp" (walkie-takie) capability. Color screen. wav audio
Lots of features for a relatively good price. Better signal strength with decent battery life.
Stylish...keeps to the Nextel roots.
Clarity, functionality, volume, ergonomics, reasonably durable, excellent speaker, adult sized.
Sound Quality, Appearance
Size, clamshape design, very small, speakerphone
Color screen, speaker phone, great reception, loud rings, sturdy holster!
Free GPS compass, very bright and clear display, sturdy design
front screen, speaker phone, vibrate feature
Chock full of power features; ultimately versatile and customizable.
Excellent durability, clear screen display, nice and LOUD ring tones and call volume & price.
Easily personalized, durable, headset enabled, speakerphone for phone calls
Sturdy, color screen, GPS enabled
Himm...? Not sure!
walkie talkie,games,easy to use,sleek and shiny:)
Style, speaker phone, voice recorder, two-way direct-connect
Good looks, design
Sturdy, bright screen, loud, clear speakerphone, classy looking, easy to navigate
PTT is great, provider service is good.
You get to go to the nextel store every four months to get it fix.
Nice looking Phone
Color, Disco Light when ringing, Voice recorder
it's a flip phone
color display, easy to use menus
Color screen, powerful, visually appealing.
ease of use, looks, walkie talkie
Good reception, assignable ringtones, easy to read screen and navigation, good bat life
Another solid body phone by nextel with a brilliant color display.
nice small little phone...
Great color display, ton of hi tech features, great design
Has mortgage calculator built in, unlimited free incoming calls.
Beautiful screen, nice size and weight.
Great phone, packed with features including a handy camera
Hi resolution screen is easy to read.
easy to use, full of features, color screen, inexpensive, camera
Trendy-looking, well-finished, high resolution screen color
IR port, looks cool, analog clock on face plate
easy to use key pad, stylish, colour display, front flap display screen, menu navigation
Stylish
Stylish, inexpensive, polyphonic ring tones, color screen, good reception,light and small, good features
cheap, durable, reliable phone with two-way SMS messaging and voice mail
Motorola durability, signal strength
Cheap phone, good bang for your buck, appealing look
Changeable faceplates, good battery life, large display, inexpensive
Simple, elegant, changeable covers.
easy to hold, color-changing covers, light and impressive features.
High quality, well designed, small and light, easily fitting in the palm of your hand
The Nokia 8210 phone's calendar function can remind you of upcoming meetings, birthdays,and so on.
Small, lightweight, very usable.
It was free, it feels durable and has decent features.
Sturdy ~ still working with my kids using it daily!
Price, looks, functionality, low power consumption, GSM, works in Europe, durable
Cheap, good battery life, very bright back light.
Free in most cases, lots of features, AOL IM client.
Lightweight. Inexpensive. Straightforward. Excellent on the basics. Not necessarily for "power users." Euro-compatible.
Cool looking, lightweight, good features
Very good reception and battery life
Stylish design, lightweight, cool features, AIM inside, has its own e-mail address
Free with purchase of cellular service contract. Slim and compact and attractive.
Bright LCD screen, great quality sound, and tons of features, lighter than helium
Great coverage, very light, lots of features
Durable, Good battery life, Robust earpiece connection, Reliable software (no crashes or hangs), "Cute" styling
Size, Weight, Ease of use, Reliability, durability, now available free!!
blue backlight and multiparty
Light phone, plenty of nice features, good reception, and it's FREE
Small. Lightweight.
Small, lightweight, easy to use, ringtones, AOL instant messenger, blue light
Small, durable, ergonomic, easy to use
This digital beauty is a gem!
Compact, Good Looks, and Kewl Backlight
Very easy to use.  A lot of bells and whistles. Cool looking.
Lightweight,nice background,loud
Lightweight, compact, good features.
Lightweight, fun, easy to use, and very functional. Lots of features for next to nothing.
AOL IM compatible, easy to setup/use, blue screen, very light
Small design, blue indiglo screen
Inexpensive, Bright Blue Display, Samsung Quality
Very lightweight, easy-to-see-in-the-dark blue backlight, features pretty decent, easy 'pocket' phone
Lightweight, Bright LCD lighting, Games
Small, easy to operate, good service
Small, Colorful LCD,easy to use
light, compact, bright display, cheap
Looks (can be deceptive)
AIM, T9, thin, lightweight, small, versatile, powerful, fantastic battery life, ring composer
Simplistic, it does the job without all the stupid frills that
I liked the SGH R225 because it was very light and had  good design.
Free phone,great sound quality,easy to use with more features than older model.
Bright backlight, good battery
features, rugged, price, quality construction
Brilliant blue backlight, attractive case, web enabled, lightweight, and has many useful features.
Lightweight, easy to use, durable.
Automatic Key lock is good.  Cute screensavers.
great polyphonics
Great reception; lightweight; durable; small; AIM/AOL support; excellent ear piece.
Great reception, bright backlight, easy to navigate
Snazzy looks and "light show" Fairly simple, great for people who are not technologically sound.
MP3 player, MultiMediaCard support, huge memory (MultiMediaCard), large and clear display, light weight, java games
built like a tank.
Compact Size; Lots of Features; Vibrate mode
Non-folding, lightweight
easy to use, simple features, adequate range and power
Long battery life, fun features like changeable faceplates and multiple ring choices,  easy to use.
Display,Menu,3rd party Accessories
...
Size, Features, GOBS of options
Compact, Vibrate Mode, Excellent Voice Quality, Low Price
Small, Excellent Ergonomics, Long Battery Life, Good Clarity, Tri-Mode, Lots of Features and Accessories&#13;&#10;
Nice Looks, Durable, Ion Lithium Battery, Clear LCD, Good Price, Internet-Enabled, Small
Quality, Features, Tools
easy, small, nice looking phone
Lithium Ion Battery, Contact Manager, Handy Tools.
Makes me strangely happy.
Lots of Features, Cheap
lightweight & small, seems relatively sturdy, good sound, lots of features
Easy to use, sounds clear, Tri-mode phone
Light, "web-enabled", email, universal headset, nice timers/alarms
Clear reception, light weight, and you're able to change the banner.
Small without being too small, features, Lithium Battery, internet
Small & lightweight, very easy to use. Interchangeable faceplates and a vibrating ringer. Cheap too!
Nice features, vibrate alert, stores 200 contacts including snail& email addresses
Light, attractive, lots of features
Good looks, Nice features, Great value
Ease of use, call clarity, neat "extra features"
Battery Life, distinctive ringers(see desc.)
Cheap, cute, nokia-like look
Powerful, clear, many options
Good battery life. Call clarity is excellent.  Easy to use
GREAT PHONE, Lots OF FEATuRES, Multiple Rings, VIBRATE ALeRT!!
Easy to use, Full featured, Long battery life in digital areas
Cheap, Good battery, Good OS, Feature filled
Voice Clarity, Features, Price
vibrate, Face Plates, web access
Price, Features for the Price, Availability of Accessories
Features, size, display and data connectivity.
Good call quality, strong signal, long battery life, lightweight
I love this phone and the software that comes loaded.  It is small, lightweight, durable.
Ability to vibrate first, then ring, fairly durable, very lightweight, cheap.
Lots of features.  Easy to use.
Great signal.
Lightweight, great features, compact,  clear LCD and sound, easy to use with minimal instruction
Great size, durable, easy to figure out.
A nice phone with really handy features and easy navigation system.
Great reception, easy to use
battery life, features, durable
CDMA,LGC330W
Lightweight, Small, Good Talk Time
Reliable, lightweight, sleek, and durable.
long life, clear, lots of features, vibrate ring mode
DURABILITY, size
Durable, easy to use. Large readable buttons. Flip-style easy to shut off.
Phone size/shape/weight. Battery life
Sturdy, good features, easy to use and inexpensive.
Very compact; can operate as a non-flip phone; text messaging
keeps numbers very accessible
Everything
Small size
Sleek, compact, performs well
Lots of features, small
Tons of features for the $$$
Easy to use, good reception, drop in charging, vibrate
Great reception and receives all calls
easy to use, durable, fun
Easy to read face  -user friendly- very clear reception
Durable, reliable, great reception
compact, inexpensive, decent feature set
Good size, lots of features, easy to use
Great features
Vibrating Alert, Digital Service &amp; Caller I. D.
Great battery life, durability
Flip cover locks keys,
clarity, battery length
Well built reasonably priced dual mode phone. Has lasted me nearly two years.
size, easy to use
Long talk time, cheap price
Size and features
Clarity, battery life
Small size.
Good looks, low cost, and good features
Available in several stylish colors; a good choice for emergency and occasional use.
Convenience, emergency use
small, durable phone has volume control and fits in my purse!
Slim, many features for price
lightweight, fits in pocket or purse, easy to program and use
Provides all the basic functions of a cell phone.
Reliable and easy to use
Compact, affordable and easy to use
lightweight, dependable, excellent clarity
Reliable, well made, great features, FREE!
Compare to other models, its cheaper and does the job for lessor price
small, durable, many options
$7.99/month to keep it activated!
Phone is light (about seven ounces), and easy to use; not too compact
no contracts, no monthy bills, you only use what you pay for.
withstands abuse, reception excellent, fits in pocket, loud ring, easy-to-use, excellent voice-pick-up,
Slim, various features
Durability, Dependability, Size, Price . . .
It can survive a high degree of abuse
no monthly bill!!
durable, lightweight, holds a charge all day
Simple, and easy to use
Great reception for a regular user.
slim, lightweight, dependable, god sound clarity
inexspensive, different rings, easy to use
cheap, nice-looking, name and number programming
Everything
Reliable, durable
Lightweight, easy to use
Great phone to have...
No monthly charges, long battery life, attractive design, durable
Durable
Small, Compact &amp; easy to use
compact, not too small, affordable, durable
very durable, extremely clear
I simply love this phone
Affordable, Reliable
It fits in my purse,  This is better than no phone at all
Easy to use menu, sturdy construction
Functions Well, Durable, Excellent Menu, Nice Appearance
Easy to program, prepaid option
great,clear reception
Loud. Clear. Long batt. life. *free*.
Great phone. Stays charged for a long period of time. Low Price.
easy to use, offers basic features, very durable, good where digital service isn't available
Lightweight and easy to use
Fairly compact and durable; low-cost.
Decent phone, convenient service with no monthly bill
Great features
small, sturdy, dependable
the size is perfect
Easy to use, small enough to carry in your purse or pocket and very attractive also.
reception, durability, price, SIZE
small, clear sound
Small, key guard, cute colors
Nice price (especially with a pkg. deal)&#13;&#10;$10 w/activation fee
very durable
Solid, basic analog cell phone
cheap, reception,, features
Small
Reliable and Solidly Made
Large Speed dial, Pay as you go plan, durable
Durability, low-cost.
See 1- 5 above
free
Uhhh. . .Uhhh...Hmmmm
I have a phone when I need one; does its job
Small, lightweight, features
call waiting, speed dial, ringer change, key guard
Light weight, Easy to use, Great Controls, small, affordable, Multi purpose
little, affordable phone
great features
price, durability, features
Good voice clarity, comfortable keys, easy to use
A Prepaid Phone that Works in Rural Areas! Solid Made for an Inexpensive Cell Phone
great memory
Light weight, Cristal clear sound, Long lasting Standby and talk time
Nice size and looks nice
Smallish; inexpensive; very well designed
lightweight, slim, flat, bright in color
nice thing to have around
compatible
Small, easy to carry
cheap in price
A lot of features for the price.
No contract's
Good Price, Many features
Not too Expensive
easy use, reliable, cool colors
size ,price and ease of use
price, easy answer
no contracts or bills, backlit display, prepaid, anyone can buy it, long battery life
Lightweight
reliability, service, coverage, signal strength, affordability
Price,  Rugged, Reliable, Peace of Mind
light weight and easy to use
Inexpensive.  Easy to operate.
lightweight and small
Very durable
durable, inexpensive, lightweight, in-style, good clarity
Durability, dependability, cost
Display, sound quality
Small, light, easy to use, simple
Lightweight, easy to use, free
Great durability, good features for the price
Cell phone's are convient
handy,  and easy to use
Dependable
Easy to use
Affordable
Tough.
withstands much abuse, good reception, stylish model
Easy to use, Small
good features
LIGHT WEIGHT, Durable,ALMOST STATIC FREE.
Size
good and cheap
good menu interface, durable, no static,&#13;&#10;can fit in pocket
None
easy to use, low cost, no contracts, no monthly fees
Cheap price! good phone
really convenient,cute as can be
Durable
rugged, sturdy easy to use phone
good for its time
Size, weight, overall performance
You can talk to people sometimes
Loves it
excellent clear sound
Durable and clear calls
Very light
small and easy to use
Convenient and Tough
No contracts, easy to maintain, easy to use
Great battery life and highly affordable
Reliable
Light weight, affordable, quality built
# storage, size, clearity
it was free
Everything
I love it, small and compact
sports,
Lighter, More user friendly
This phone will only cost you a penny!
Keeps track of units , worldwide time, airtime and regular time
Easy to use, full featured, and inexpensive.  Good reception and sound.
Exceptional RF Performance; Good Incoming Audio Quality; Packed with practical features; Advanced UI
Nice round shape with rubber grips, blue lights
Good reception, great size, & unique style
no antenna, bright blue light when the face is off. cheap
Cheap.  Blue backlight.
small, clam shell, call clarity, 1xRTT capable, midi sound (polyphonic), web-enabled
Small, classic + cool style, excellent screen, 1xRTT ready, voice dialing/recording, excellent bang for buck
Small and lightweight, easy to use, very stylish, external LCD display
size, style, variety of features.
Small & light, reception & sound clarity, battery life, external display, fast Internet
very sleek, stylish yet professional look, has what you will most likely use
Great Call Clarity, Light Weight, Small Size, Good Reception. Sturdy Phone.
Battery Life and Design
stylish, flexible, manner mode button, good reception and sound
Easy-to-read LCD, voice-dialing, stylish
Size, features, reception, style
Looks neat.
Clarity, size, and design!
Great user interface; great features
Small size, decent sound quality and battery life, quick and convenient manner mode
Great compact phone; easy to read screen for web usage.
Small, Sleek, Lots of Features, and Lots of Extra's
Great reception, nice big LCD, very easy to see the keys in dark, nice size
Clearest phone I ever had!
small, light
Simple, Small, Battery life long, Text Messaging, Event Planner
Easy, very portable, has everything I need
Small and compact, can fit just about anywhere.
Offers a lot of today's latest technology at the tips of your fingers.
Speaker Phone, Radio, Virtually Unbreakable, and A Lot More...
Small and surprisingly durable
Stylish, Enclosed keypad, mic close to voice, Lith. Battery
range, small, durability, features, and attachments
great battery life; durable
Two-way radio, seemingly unbreakable housing
Everything
Sturdy, speakerphone
Durable
Well built, ease-of-operation, internet, battery life, 2way radio, speakerphone, can use w/flap closed, low radiation
Lightweight, with superb speakerphone
semi-small size, great sound quality, 4 different usage options
Everything!  Price, Features, Size!  The only phone you will ever want.
Built to last, great reception
Almost everything.
lightweight, dependable, and very durable
Looks great! Lots of features!
Great service, Direct Connect, Very Innovative
Two way radio service
Speakerphone, Flip Top, Sturdy Design
low radiation, low cost on phone
Using the Private Ready, I can ALWAYS get through to my husband.
Virtually Unbreakable, 2way paging, a lot of stuff
A ton of features
Lots of options and extremely durable. Direct-connect is a huge money saver
Hands free speaker phone
none
Great battery life and super speakerphone
Can use it anywhere nation-wide with clarity
Very sturdy phone
good service
Fair size, good looking
Large, see-thru flip, Durability, Time-tested design, & Price
easy to use, great menu, color screen, nice look, speaker and flip phone
Pretty Slim, External LCD, External Ring-Silencer
Great internal LCD; bright and colorful
Great internal LCD; bright and colorful Easy-to-use menus
Graphics and clarity
Extremely durable, intuitive, compact, reliable.
Easy to navigate. More features than could ever use.  Excellent sound quality.  Has speaker phone.
World Phone, Blue Back-light, Price, Loaded with Features, Great Clairity.
tri-band GSM, small and light, good reception, funky style
Cheap, very light & compact, world phone, GPRS, WAP, stylish and ergonomic, good value
Tons of features, good quality, perfect size, good clarity, simple to use &#13;&#10;
Palm and phone in one, triband phone, Palm features on par with current Palms
PDA/Phone all-in-one. Handles nicely, good quality sound.&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
Everything you need rolled up into one device
PDA/phone in a single unit, PalmOS compatibility,
Reduce carrying 2 items down to 1; feature-rich
Great phone, encompasses 2 devices in 1.  Never leave home without it.
Integrated Palm and Tri-band CDMA phone
Fantastic Features
Nice all-in-one package; Great features
Features, ISP access, All in One Convenience.
Best of Breed. Successfully offers phone and palm functionality in a handy solution.
No need to carry 2 items (PDA & phone); wireless web that is useful
It's one device that has a lot of functionality and a good battery life
Palm PDA and cellphone in one
Internet connectivity, good data storage, compatibility with palms and thier applications
Combines phone, PIM, Fax, and Net all in one device.
Palm and wireless phone in one unit. Wireless Internet access.
all in one device
Great idea, Palm OS was an excellent addition
A PDA and Phone all in one!
Palm OS, functionality, flexibility
Great idea: a Phone and PDA in one; no major problems
Most comfortably sized PDA/phone combo.
PDA functionality/Cell phone in an "acceptably small" package. Great Battery life
Very versatile--full featured phone and email/web browser all in one at a good price.
Palm and Handheld in one unit
Good Cell Phone in durable housing. Great speakerphone
All in one and able to integrate phone needs and palm databases
Power management is great.&#13;&#10;PalmOS with real web power.
Integrated palm pilot
Looks nice, very convenient, a Palm Pilot and phone in one, real Web Browser!
Integrated Palm OS, user interface, battery life
Everything you need is in this phone ! Good battery life, lot of wonderful tools.
Battery Life
Great palm integration and battery life.  All in 1 wonder.
Voice Dial, speakerphone, long battery life.
Wow, what I've always wanted - PDA and phone in one!
Effective combination of phone and PDA; you get what you pay for.
Excellent size, good integration, stable
Speakerphone, PalmV, Web Access, Big Screen, Syncs GREAT with Outlook
Serves two purposes in one, Good voice command
Price (down to $99 now!) and convenience
Integration
Get organized, surf the web, play games and talk on the phone!
PDA and phone, smaller than previous model, good reception
Has all Palm functions; interesting conversation piece
Great Battery Life, Good PDA integration, feature rich
Excellent voice quality -- and you get a Palm device as a bonus
Excellent integration of Palm and phone&#13;&#10;Great for using in a vehicle
Great having a phone and Plam in one; great battery life!
Palm OS integrated, Very large address book, Voice dialing, speakerphone
Perfect Ergonomics; well-made and very durable
full functional dual purpose device
All in one phone. No need for a pda and a phone.
Voice-dial works well.  Good battery life. Phone-PDA integration is ok
tough useful reliable palm os ong battery life
Cheap, basic PDA features
Palm and phone in one, triband phone, Palm features on par with current Palms
PDA/Phone all-in-one. Handles nicely, good quality sound.&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
Everything you need rolled up into one device
PDA/phone in a single unit, PalmOS compatibility,
Reduce carrying 2 items down to 1; feature-rich
Great phone, encompasses 2 devices in 1.  Never leave home without it.
Integrated Palm and Tri-band CDMA phone
Fantastic Features
Nice all-in-one package; Great features
Features, ISP access, All in One Convenience.
Best of Breed. Successfully offers phone and palm functionality in a handy solution.
No need to carry 2 items (PDA & phone); wireless web that is useful
It's one device that has a lot of functionality and a good battery life
Palm PDA and cellphone in one
Internet connectivity, good data storage, compatibility with palms and thier applications
Combines phone, PIM, Fax, and Net all in one device.
Palm and wireless phone in one unit. Wireless Internet access.
all in one device
Great idea, Palm OS was an excellent addition
A PDA and Phone all in one!
Palm OS, functionality, flexibility
Great idea: a Phone and PDA in one; no major problems
Most comfortably sized PDA/phone combo.
PDA functionality/Cell phone in an "acceptably small" package. Great Battery life
Very versatile--full featured phone and email/web browser all in one at a good price.
Palm and Handheld in one unit
Good Cell Phone in durable housing. Great speakerphone
All in one and able to integrate phone needs and palm databases
Power management is great.&#13;&#10;PalmOS with real web power.
Integrated palm pilot
Looks nice, very convenient, a Palm Pilot and phone in one, real Web Browser!
Integrated Palm OS, user interface, battery life
Everything you need is in this phone ! Good battery life, lot of wonderful tools.
Battery Life
Great palm integration and battery life.  All in 1 wonder.
Voice Dial, speakerphone, long battery life.
Wow, what I've always wanted - PDA and phone in one!
Effective combination of phone and PDA; you get what you pay for.
Excellent size, good integration, stable
Speakerphone, PalmV, Web Access, Big Screen, Syncs GREAT with Outlook
Serves two purposes in one, Good voice command
Price (down to $99 now!) and convenience
Integration
Get organized, surf the web, play games and talk on the phone!
PDA and phone, smaller than previous model, good reception
Has all Palm functions; interesting conversation piece
Great Battery Life, Good PDA integration, feature rich
Excellent voice quality -- and you get a Palm device as a bonus
Excellent integration of Palm and phone&#13;&#10;Great for using in a vehicle
Great having a phone and Plam in one; great battery life!
Palm OS integrated, Very large address book, Voice dialing, speakerphone
Perfect Ergonomics; well-made and very durable
full functional dual purpose device
All in one phone. No need for a pda and a phone.
Voice-dial works well.  Good battery life. Phone-PDA integration is ok
tough useful reliable palm os ong battery life
Cheap, basic PDA features
durable, tiny world phone, nice design, vibrating alert
tiny!, usable in Europe & parts of East Asia, light, clarity

Thin, light, ease of use, easy to read screen, great keypad, fast battery recharge
Nice design, abundance of options, games included
Global Reach, Email, Lightweight, Easy To Use
Voice dialing, small, liteweight, easy to use, great sound quality!
Light as air, Excellent O/S, Dual Band
No cables means no xmas lights impressions (cable tangling).
Great size, great design, good reception
Slim, Time your call, Vibrate & Ring, Remote control Voice Dial
Small, GSM, World Coverage, And Many Extra Gadgets
Small, stylish, with lots of features and Automatic Call Divert
No wires.  Welcome to the future.
Lightness, thinness, good reception
Light Weight, Intuitive, Abundant Features
Incredibly small and thin, but usable.
Size, Price, Voice Dialing, Use Everywhere
Size, Weight, Ease of Use, Its worldwide use
see opinion
Solitaire, small and portable
Price, size, simplicity, great accessories, and more!
Great Price, Great Design, Durable, Small
Sleek, Sexy Phone weighs next to NOTHING!
Size, clarity, signal strength, and decent talk time
Looks & size.  Features.  Custom ringtones.  Accessories.
light, cool, chick and cute
Size, easy of use, charges quickly.
FREE with Cingular. Tiny. Light. Keypad cover. Encrypted. Calling card. 10 voice labels. &#13;&#10;
Size, features
Small, Light and can get a signal in a lot of places others couldn't
Light, very thin, easy to use, stylish, long battery life, Great Reception
This phone has a thin body, great battery life, and a lot of terrific features.
Size, sound quality and clarity
Slim, durable, good sound quality, decent battery life for such a small unit
Very small long battery life great reception
Compact, Clarity, Ease of Use, BlueTooth, IR modem
Crystal Clear Sound
Great size, Love Call Screening, good looks, global capabilities
small, light, packed with features
Size, Bright Light, Add Ons
Small and lite enough that you'll forget you have it most of the time.
Beautiful, 007-ish, extremely thinness
Small, Lightweight, Dual-band, Easy read Menu, Voice activated dailing, Vibrating call alert
Works in Europe
Light, Easy to use, good sound quality
well, it's small (ha! if you chop off the fat antenna!), the cool tetris game
Small, Light, Portable, Stylish
Small, Active Flip, TETRIS!
Small sleek easy to use
small size, large lcd, and fits in any pocket.
...small
This phone can fit anywhere, it has world coverage, and is simple to use.
light, backlight, handy, sexy, graphics...
*Very light&#13;&#10;*Fits everywhere&#13;&#10;*Some good features(Call block)&#13;&#10;*World Phone
small, light, works in Toronto AND Vancouver, clear
Tiny, Light, Customizable ringtones, Ease of use
Just about everything on this phone
Ultra small, good battery life
long lasting battery,very clear,works in most areas,small and compact
Small, sleek, sexy
PORTABLE, EASY TO USE, DURABLE
Tiny Tiny Tiny. The smallest phone in the world!
Very small and light weight.
not too many
tiny, lightweight, ease of use
size, weight, reception, functions, tetris & solitaire
Pocket-sized
Tiny, Voice-activated, quality microphone, world phone
Small size, super clear calls, clever flip design
Flat, flips open. Voice activated calling. Text messages.
GREAT SERVICE, INCREDIBLE INTERFACE
HANDY AND YOU CAN USE IT ALMOST ANYWHERE
Small, easy menu, like the flip
Very Small
Functionality, Reliability, Reception
sleek looking, slide rotator
very small, light weight, durable, reliable, flashy.
innovative design
Full of well organized features.
Ultra lite weight, perfect for carry in front pocket, above average lcd display
light, tiny, sexy, ironic ringer
Incredibly thin, great display, intuitive menu systems
Thin, stylish, clear call quality, easy to use, features galore
super sleek, intuitive, quality build, clear display, many useful features.
WOW-factor, Slim and lightweight design, full of features, reception, ability to upload multimedia
Ultra slim, sturdy, voice dialing, large phonebook, calendar
light weight + super slim = is it really in my pocket?
Very small and lightweight - great reception
Size, Ease of use, Style, Sleekness, Color
Durability, slim size, cool factor, great sound and reception
Thinist phone, it is so light. Attention getter.
The Sound quality is bar none. &#13;&#10;The voice dial feature is great!
Looks really cool, Super Thin, Features Galore, Downloadable Screensavers and Ringers, Dual color display
Thin, web options, down load voice mail to phone, built in voice command
Thin
Web Enabled, Lots of info on screen
Reliable
Small, Lightweight, Common, Good Speaker Quality, Nice Browser
good sound quality, when it works.
Too Many to list in 15 words
Sleek looking, within most budgets, great usability
Great deal at Cingular; lightweight and easy to use.
large viewing screen, easy-to-read, easy-to-use, can take a LOT of crap..
$20 phone and it very easy to use
Battery life, reception, ease of use.
Dual mode tech gives you signal everywhere
Long battery life, free from Suncom, capable of receiving text messages
Very clear calls. Light weight,durable and stylish.
It has a data port and everything I could ever need.
light and small, features, looks, price
Small, good games, pretty easy to navigate, nice looking, easy to carry
It has alot of memory to store names, numbers. Built-in web access
Attractive, Screen, Ease of Use, Phone quality, Built-in Bluetooth, Memory Stick DUO
Jack of all trades...
Big screen. PDA and Phone in one. MP3 ringtones.
great features, generally decent design
Every feature you want.
Note-taking ability: 'jotter'. [More details in Body]
good phone with PDA functions.
looks great, nice colors, memory stick, lots of functionality
Small size, calendar, phone book, e-mail, web browser, IR port, Bluetooth, battery life
Loaded with features, easy to find accessories.  Camera available.
Small Size, easy access to functions using the joystick, Bluetooth.
Features, size, accessories
Small and lightweight, bluetooth enabled, battery life, voice control.
Pocket size, color screen, Bluetooth capability, outstanding battery life.
Small tri-band phone, long battery life, plethora of features, no Sprint Service!
Form factor's stunning. Long lasting battery. Voice commands super. Bluetooth gives it a boost.
Bluetooth, colour, good support, too many features to list
Small and lightweight, voice commands, connectivity to other devices.
Just about everything except GSM service: price, call quality, battery life, etc.
Lots of cool features
really easy to use, offers many, many features
Colour, Small, Light, good-looking, well featured, Lots of technology
Small size, syncs with outlook, good sound quality, good battery, color screen
very small and light,thumbstick control,backlit keypad, color screen, voice commands
Design, weight, user friendly, display, and I could go on, but I won`t!
User-friendly, but at the same time advanced. Design, functions color display.....
It's color and easy internet WAP access
Small, light, great battery life, bluetooth enabled, good organizer
Compact, very stylish (neon blue backlighting), color and tri-band
Small, Colour Screen, Bluetooth, Global GSM, Voice Enabled everything!
Small, Fairly Priced, Great Features
Colored screen. Lots of fancy stuff like wallpaper, etc.
Lightweight, huge array of features
Colour screen, Tri Band, Bluetooth
Small, lightweight, cool-looking, joystick, fits nicely in pocket
Global roaming, color screen, lightweight
Good reception
Metallic blue color is appealing.
A pleasant change from nokia's. the best phone of it's time without doubt!
Small size, multiple features
Tiny, light, solid, beautiful display, countless features
size,bluetooth,color display,battery life
Feature Rich, Great Size, Good Menu System
256 Colors screen, Triband, GPRS, WAP, Bluetooth, Infrared connectivity, MMS, SMS
Size, color screen, battery life, WAP
20 minute record time, size
bluetooth Macintosh synchronization
Bluetooth, calendar with IR sync to Outlook (or other computer calendars), multiple call handling.
cool looking phone
Small, lightweight, Color Display, cool-looking.
Small a packed with features.
lots of nice options, easy to use.
Great Features
bluetooth, color screen, good price.
size, color screen
Great Looks, nice color screen and very light. Great batt life
Very good looking and great performing phone.
no pros at all.
Bluetooth, Color display, Sync Capability, Price, Battery Life
compact, Bluetooth, triband, programmable ring tones
Bluetooth.  Style.
Holds picture of my kids
Nice outer design, great feel, solid physically.  GREAT battery life
Color Screen, Bluetooth, IrDA, Weight, Looks
Great features, tiny phone, long lasting battery.
Color screen, Bluetooth built in, Updated Firmware
Blue backlighting, space between keys, cool looking
Cheap, small, LOTS of features, multiple alarms
Camera capabilities, tri-band, GPRS high speed data.
Excellent user interface and messaging capabilities, amazing battery life, light weight and... AUTOMATIC REDIAL!!!
Download ringtones and pictures, very customizable.
Size, bluetooth capability
Looks cool.
The t68i phone is feature packed.  Ringtones, backgrounds, contacts etc... can be sync'd w/ Outlook.
Small, great sound quality, long battery life
Ummmm...Errrrrr...
Handy Size, reasonably logic functions
LIGHT WEIGHT
Loaded with features,Gud design,Light weight
Good reception, voice quality, and features.
pretty small, has games, durable.
Changeable faceplates
Stylish, compact, lots of features, great reception, changeable faceplates, and it's cheap!
Good buy, practical
Great battery life and reception.  User-friendly with tons of great features.
Great reception and lots of features, Battery lasts a long time. Easy to use.
Great Easiest to use cell phone
no monthly payment
Light, durable, and cute in a silly way.
Very thin and lightweight. Very good reception. Clear hearing and large volume span.
Very user-friendly.
thin, awesome sound quality,low price, perfect!
The phone was practically free.
great size and talk time
Thin and light.  Good sound quality.  Dual Band.  Battery built in!
Small, user friendly, good clarity and dependable. I love the built-in battery!
The Qualcomm QCP-2760 is a very lightweight, sleek and user friendly phone.
Small, lightweight, thin, good reception, solid construction, free with plan!
Loaded with features, almost a pda and phone combined.
Excellent keypad, voice activated dialing, battery life, voice memo
Voice activated, portable, flip style
This phone is HORRIBLE! There are no pros...
good-sized display, easy scroll bar, lightly and speaker phone
light, easy to use
Easy to program, comes with two different colorful covers.
Small, fits in pocket
Great, light, affordable!
Countour, Weight
Good sound, good price, versatile accessories.
Resistant, cheap.
Cost, Functionality, Power and Features
Slim, small design. Color choice. Digital capable. Expanded phone book. Antenna angled to reduce radiation
Condom-like covers to change its looks, functional design
dependable, stylish, small
style,not overloaded with useless features
Phone wraps, style, phone book, Voice mail button, ease of use
Durable, decent battery life, nice physical design, web enabled & affordable.
Cool design, nice switching cover feature.
Durable, easy to find
Price, features, availability, accessories easy to obtain
Navigating the phone directory, ease of use
Lightweight, compact size, stylish
It has a am/fm radio that you can listen to with ear piece
free, cute looking in shape
Small, easy to use, fairly cheap
antenna on an angle away from head
Sleek look. Clear, great uptime, no flaws as of yet
Small, Lightweight, easy to use with a headset,and Internet Browser.
Small, lightweight, has internet capability, many useful functions
small, lightweight, sleek, durable
Packed with tons of features
Size and Features
Strong, small, lightweight and versatile.
Size, Weight, Clarity
Nice feel; Web browser built in
Small and lightweight
Light Weight, Durable, Easy to read display, 4 types of numbers stored per 99 entries.
compact and lightweight
Small size, data access and sync software, good battery life, small size
small, lightweight, cool
Compact, lots of features
Size, quality of construction, appearance, durability
Size and portability, reception
Compact, sturdy, vibrate mode
Protected keys/screen w/flip, lots of features, very light and compact
Tons of Features
small size, coolness factor, big LCD screen
Small, Excellent Battery Life, Web Browser Built In
Holds calls in some weak signal areas, text messaging memory, good battery&#13;&#10;life, Motorola support
Very tiny, amazing call quality
Sound quality, compact size
Small size, good features, and that Star Trek factor :-)
Size, quality, features
Lightweight, nice visual display, menus are easy to navigate.
Very small, long-lasting battery, pretty good reception
Very sleek and small.  LOADS of features!
well designed, easy to use
Small, easy to use
Unbreakable.  Easy to use.  Comfortable.  Sync ability.
small, good reception, loads of features
long battery life, good features
Small, Durable, Classy
Durability, ease of use.
Size, accessibility, feel, and functions make this phone superb
Folds up, loud ringer &amp; it vibrates.
Phone Book, Backlit, Vibrating
clamshell design, small size, durable construction, good ergonomics, efficient menus, good performance
Small, discreet, well-built, long battery life, readable display. Belt holster very handy.
small, lightweight, easy to read display, long battery life, very durable
great phone. has tons of features
Size, Sound, Internet Ready, Signal Strength
size, flip
It's a cute little phone to fold up and carry around
Dual band, very small, lots of third-party accessories
Lightweight, Small, Easy to Use
Small size, descent size screen
Small, and lightweight
little
Small, compact, nice clip for attaching to your belt
Small, light, flexible settings
Easy to program
Small, nice features
small, lightweight, belt clip is very handy
Ultra-light and Portable.
Small, not bulky, light-weight, slim design, phone holster is easy to use, timers helpful
Small and convenient to use
Light-weight, small, durable, easy to use, stylish
Clear sound, loud ringer, loaded w/ features
Great phone, durable, great reception.
Size and display
small, discreet belt clip, lots of memory
Size
Small, lightweight
Comfortable feel during use. Simple to use. Good volume and reception.
Durable, Battery life, flip.
Features, battery life
The pro for this phone is that it is very compact.
Durable, sleek
Small, lightweight, easy to use
Small, Good battery charge, easy to use
It looked nice, was appealing
Durability, compact, features, storage capacity, LCD display clarity.
Great reception.  Easy to use features.  Great size.
Great features, great tiny size, great battery life, great phone.
Lets me do what ever I want to it.
Small size, flip phone, Good range of features.
Small, lightweight, caller id outside of flip, multi feature, comes with hands free
small and compact
size, battery life, features, extra lcd, coverage
Colourful, Compact Phone.
Size, User Friendly
small, but hard to lose, good interface, excellent reception
Compact phone with basic essentials on display of front flip cover
Small, compact.  Many features.
Small, compact, fits in pocket
Wonderful reception, portable
Cheap and Small
small size; Alarm clock; caller ID on outside; easy to navigate menus; Wireless Web
Flip phone, scratches less, nice visual
Durable, easy to use, long battery life, takes a beating and keeps on ticking!
Small, lightweight
features and price
Price and simplicity
Great reception, great battery life, overall great phone.
Battery life; reception; size, portability; silver color
Everything the V120C has plus more.  Snub antenna won't break!
Slim design is comfortable to hold; I LOVE the blue backlighting!
Bright light-up display, loads of features, ease of use
Size, ease of use, features
Clarity, battery life, price ($19.95 with car charger)
Easy to program.  Nice blue screen and backlit keypad.  Nice selection of ringtones.
Backlight is neat.
Clear, nice size, (I don't like too small phones), low price
lots of cute rings, adequate phone book/navigation/backlit
easy to use features, easy to read screen, variety of ring tones, voice activated dialing
lightweight, small, headset compatible, travel charger included
Small size, headphone included, infrared, vibrating mode.
menus, text-messages, durability, battery-life, ease of use
Infrared, Surfs the Internet, Functions as a Wireless Modem, Small/Lightweight & Durable design
Size, IR capabilities, Call clarity, More than enough memory
Small size, durable, packed with features. Has a vibrate alert.
Small, lightweight, long battery life
Features and price.
nice size and 'fit' in the hand
Easy to use, great battery life, variety of ringtones and faceplates to buy.
Hand feel, functionality, performance, internal antenna, changeable covers.
Good form factor, decent reception, easy to use
Small, cool looking, vibrates, easy menu use
Changeable housing, good talk time, strong basic features, low price tag, compact
Little, Web enabled, PC connectivity, IR connection
Small size, lots of functions, great price. It's a Nokia.
Easy to use, Internet, Email, SMS and VERY Customizable
small, lightweight, easy to use, lots of features
Very pocketable, no antenna protrusion; Text & e-mail capable; Calendar for reminders and call-log info.
Small, attractive, has good games
Size, Price, Weight, Options
Lots of features, easy to use
Compact size, Excellent vol. control, Full of features
Small, many cover options, text messaging
Ease of use. Lightweight. Customizable.
Lightweight, easily customized, relatively inexpensive, good clarity
Size, features, infrared data port, desktop software, awesome ear piece
Just the right size, cheap(er)
Small size, no flip cover to break, no antenna to snap, good battery life
Cool design, IR port, solid address book UI, and long standard battery life.
Loads of features, e-mail, voice clarity, display
Small,very easy to use,reception & clarity, 2-way Text messages!!
Full featured, Great Price
Lightweight, intuitive interface, long battery life, loaded with features, great price
InfraRed,
Convenient, profiles, good charger
Small size, lack of external antenna make it easy to fit in a pocket
Small, easy to use, best reception I have had, faceplates, now it's cheap!
Nice size.  No external antenna to easily break.
Small, relatively lightweight, comfortable to hold, durable, excellant for price
Nice size, good screen, no exterior antenna
IR port, vibrator, seems durable
Durable, cheap
Small & compact, packed with features, ability to change covers
solid construction; responsive; IR port; loud volume; internal battery; small
Reliable, full-featured, great bang-for-the-buck.
Small, battery lasts long, fun rings to download!
Vibrating function, small, convenient
Sturdy, nice price, many features, easy manuverability.
Vibrates, IR capable, Internet ready, clear view screen, clarity of conversation great, Many great features!
Size, IR Capability
WAP,Infra-Red,
just about everything
Good Size, Very Functional, Great Features, Easy to Use, Great Battery
Rugged, Sleek, Customizable, Pocket-sized, Internal Antenna, Great Price
lots of features for a small price,&#13;&#10;good size,
Perfect Size, Right Amount of Features
Smaller and Lightweight
Small,lightweight and has an infrared beaming feature
Size, features, ease of use, durability
Fairly small, lots of features.
Price......
Size is just right.  Loaded with features that most people use.
Just about the best phone I've had yet, guess the seventh times a charm.
Graphics are about the only thing that's good
Size/weight, illuminated keypad and screen, internal antenna, features, apparent durability.
small, lightweight, lots of features
small size, GREAT reception, super clarity during calls, cool features, ability to personalize
Compact size, Lots of neat features including iR communication with PDA's and Notebooks
lightweight, built-in vibrating alert, reminders, front & back color covers, downloadable ring tones
size, features, text messaging, downloadable ringtones, calc,compatible with palm pilot, interchangeable faceplates and accessories
Changeable covers, internet, downloadable ringtones, memory space
lightweight, easy to handle, sharp looking, comfortable to talk on
Size, ease of use, very good reception.
Easy to use, Amazing Interface, Cheap, Almost Too Many Options
Send/receive data via phone's infrared port to other IR-equipped handheld devices such as Palm
User friendly, many features like the 8260 series phone
small size, no annoying antenna, ease of use, price
Size, Battery Life, Internet Ready
It's small, and it vibrates.  The games are updated with a bit of graphical enhancement.
cool looking
Changeable case, Ring tones, Good screen
Perfect size, Features, Customizable, Battery, Reception
Reliable, rugged, easy to use
clear sound, easy to use menus, compact
Great Antenna, Perfect Size, Nokia Menu
Compact Size, Designed Well, Full of Features, IR Port
Great functionality, they didn't cut corners on this one!
good reception and options
Full of features, price is right, feels good in hand
compact, affordable, good battery life
Small, lightweight, silent allert.
It's cute.
Size, look, vibrate, easy menu
Often comes free when you sign up for phone service, as it did for me.
None that I can think of, well it is fairly small
Cheap, great size, not too big or small, durable!!
Small, Vibrates, multiple ringtones
Small, compact
Packed full of features, downloadable content, easy to use.
-Easy to use
Web Enabled, no antenna, small, changeable faceplates, ect...
Small
Integrated vibrate alert, one-touch dialing, large address book, text messaging.
Can be obtained for Free
Compact, durable, inexpensive, easy to change faceplates and downloadable ring tones.
UNBREAKABLE!!!; Plenty of function; Good reception; Compact Size;
Small, dependable, tons of features, state-of-the-art
Compact, Trendy, Functional
Small, Looks cool,
Does a lot
Small, cool features, attractive
Can't think of any
Great Reception.
Small design, convenient address book.
Small size, mostly clear
For the month or so it works, it works well.
lightweight, easy to use, very cute
Tri-Mode, small, changeable face plates, inexpensive
Everything!
compact, lots of features, vibrator
Very durable, internal antenna, simple animation. Text message, email, even AOL Instant Messanger capable.
Wickedly long standby time
Great design, small in size, simple to use
Decent battery, vibrate, faceplates, lots of ringtones, small.
Good long lasting cell phone
Small, Cheap, Durable
small size, easy to use, great menus and features
lightweight compact design, ease of use
Great reception, good menu, nice size.
Compact, light and easy to open and close
Size, Weight, Carrying Holster, Stylish, Great Reception
Small, light, navigable menu system, good battery life
Size, Durable, Ease of use
Nice looking phone, ample features, good reception.
Design
Low price, ease of use
Fabulous for the price and great in its day.
Light. Reasonably cheap and enough games to enjoy.
low price, durable quality
Tough and Rugged.
Good build, lot of accessories and support, user friendly for phonebook and SMS.
Rugged design, good features, not too bulky, battery
signal quality better than i700 - less/no dead zones
Excellent features, two way radio, small and light weight.
Lightweight, ease of use, display icons
Web enabled, small size, light weight, large display screen, send and receive email, faxes.
Speaker phone, Two way radio, Battery Life
2-way radio, speakerphone, instant silent mode
Direct Connect
Two-way radio, speakerphone and alphanumeric paging
Walkie Talkie function is very handy
lightweight, great features
small, light, long battery, direct-connect
Lots of features in a relatively compact package
Direct-Connect walkie-talkie functionality, built in speakerphone
Loads of features, superb speaker phone, battery life
Two way talk system
compact, light, and easily manageable, fun to use!
Small, Flip design, Net capable, Voicemail, 2 way radio, caller ID
many partnerships
SPEAKER PHONE!  Direct Connect feature.
Compact, can get 2 for 1 deal, two way radio, good antenna, great for babysitting
Clarity - Size - Battery Life
Phone+Pager+Radio all in one, Cool looks
Speaker Phone, 2-way radio, text paging
Cellphone and handsfree kit in one
Super features, good sounding audio, web access
two way radio!
Speakerphone, good sound, excellent all-around
speakerphone, Nextel rounds to nearest second
Light, and is pager, phone, and walkie talkie
Looks cool
Works Everywhere, No Roaming Charges, Internet Access starting 01/2000
Size, look, durability and direct connect.
Light weight, good features great battery
Walkie Talkie, Speaker phone, Battery life
Contains three services in one.
Speakerphone, Durable
Small size, easy to use, great clarity
Small, compact
Makes a great door stop!
works well indoors, great features
Walkie-Talkie feature plus speakerphone
Two-way radio feature, rugedness, vibration alert
Speakerphone, neat design (like a classic Trek communicator)
Great Phone
Service, size, see through display, speakerphone, one second billing &#13;&#10;
Small, Flip design, Net capable, Voicemail, 2 way radio, Caller ID
Two way radio, Many features
Compact, see-thru cover, speakerphone
everything
speaker-phone, well-designed
Small with many, many features
talk without holding phone
direct-connect feature, address book.
long battery life
Unlimited Two Way Calls
cost effective especially if you use 2-way,  nationwide service
Less need to use telephone air time
Nice looking, good battery life
Speakerphone, VibraCall, DirectConnect
semi-small size, great sound quality, 4 different usage options
Compact; Speakerphone Is Great; Radio Function; Plastic Holster
Ease of use, light weight, small, internet capable.
Speakerphone, two-way radio
radio
Great coverage, excellent clarity &amp; reasonable rates.
Great features
free walky-talky system
Too many features to list, lightweight, good battery time and very reliable service
clear communication, easy to use, very portable and compact
Speakerphone, two-way radio, e-connections (text pages, web capable, etc).
Laden with useful features, good performance
absolutly none
Cheap, small, and gets reception everywhere
Good features
Excellent sound, good features
compact, two way radio, great features
small, walkie talkie, cheap
Cool design, great features
everything
Convenient size
Nice concept, but rarely works
ability to hold a charge
Lightweight, speakerphone, no roaming fees
light weight, speakerphone, data support
features & features, easy to program, small, very durable, great support
Easy to use, great features
Very good product
Great sound quality, awesome features
Speaker Phone, Direct Connects, Small, Compact
Web Enabled
Great Clarity (when in service), Direct Connect, Great new improvement!
see above
2way radio,regular phone features ,size,durability,legibility.
Compact, easy to use
NONE
Small, with nice 2 way radio
small, very nice looking, and clear
The reception is always clear. From the most remote places!
Small, 2way radio is great, easy to read
Small in size, reliable and durable
Incredible browsing, easy interface
Features, and Nextels service
speaker phone, voice mail, great reception, 2-way radio, flip-up speaker that allows phone to become full size, long-lasting battery, and very portable
small size, powerful and hands free
Speaker phone
Overall design, features and battery life
Internet surfing ability and people think you are Captain Kirk
Features, battery time, clear reception
Clarity
everything
It works
It is both a 2-way radio and a phone.
Commercial quality communication at excellent pricing
2-way radio
If you use the walky talky feature...its free
mail, paging, voice mail, phone, walkie-talkie in one
size   weight  features   call clarity
cheaper rates, larger range
Handsfree speakerphone, quick charging battery and long standby time
Two-way messaging, great clarity
The speaker phone is amazing in reach and clarity, excellent web browsing.
small, a lot of features
Great  customer  service  and  recieption
Lightweight
its a motorola. 2-way radio, good reception
Great CB quality, tough outer shell, works well long distance
Compact, direct connect is nice.
direct connect, see through cover, large display screen
small, versatile, easy to use
I don't like them
small light weight
everything!!
Affordable, Lightweight, Secure
Speaker phone, light weight, dependable
Lightweight, Compact compared to other Nextel phones
Durability, sound quality, speaker phone quality.
you could contact your love one
Too many to list
Product has the features I want
Tons of features
tons of features!!
Speakerphone, lightweight, great battery life w/ monitoring
Bluetooth, price, AMAZING features
Bluetooth, motion detection, excellent audio (RF) quality, battery life, price.
Every feature a power user may want.
Bluetooth, IR, GSM, light weight, great accesories
It is phone, if you can get it to work.
Small, clear and lightweight!
Nice array of features, long lasting battery, no big problems
Nice sleek style with good clarity and lots of features for the $
cheap, light, clear, easy to use menus, cool covers
sleek, nice features, clear, you can change colors, nice display, cheap, web enabled&#9;
Cheap, some useful features, phone wraps, good sound quality
Sleek shape, light, easy to change color, web capable, clear
Easy to use.
Sleek design, light weight, affordable, belt clip included, skins included
fun, cute, easy to set up, light, durable
Ping Pong Messaging, easy use, cheap
Different choice of covers
Really cool looking, small
Compact; rugged; comfortable to hold; quality construction
Solid feel, easy operation
It has the feature you would expect.
lots of features
web enabled, easy to use, fast recharges
A great phone.Easy to use and has a lot of options. Very clear.
easy to use, fun colors, unique
Looks nice and very helpful
price,its cute,has all basic needed features
Small, sleek, cute, durable, fun, handy, covers come in cool colors!
clear, small, and light weight
Compact and lightweight, menu likes on Windows, 28 languages of menu, good sound and sensitivity
Ericsson has good service centers.
Compact, flexible, light.
The next generation in convergent audio technology
Small, many many features
A Top Class Mobile Phone.
A very classy and high performing phone
thin, goodlooking
Almost everything - especially style, size/weight &amp; features
Very compact, vibration alarm, voice dialing
tetris &amp; solataire
Features, Battery Life, Portability, Robustness
Small and elegant.  Very good reception even in buildings.
Small, Light, Blue backlight, Vibracall
looks, size
Slim Handset
Sleek , Robust
Size, sleekness, battery
All features like- Voice Dial, Vibrating Alert, Profiles etc.
Size, Style, Vibrate mode, Battery life
Style and Functionality included in the one phone, GREAT customer service
cute and user-friendly
Very Very light and small indeed, Dirt cheap, Quite stylish.
Small, light, great features
Small, cute
Very suave looking, flashy and KEWL!!
design, options
Small size, decent battery life, range of accessories, excellent menu system
PDA and phone integration, color screen
cell phone/palm pda combo all work as expected. lots of 3rd party enhancements. speakerphone.
Slick unit, great features and ease of use
Small, Color screen and well my external brain.
Great speakerphone, nice dialing thru address book, good pda, fast internet browser, ir beaming
Excellent integration of phone, internet, email.  Very stylish
Combination phone, looks great, large screen
Just what you'd expect/hope.  Features are solid.
Everything!
- better than the handspring treo 300
Great size, All-in-1, Great reception, Speaker phone, Wireless Internet
Incredibly versatile; ergonomically perfect; easy to use and navigate; very durable.
Great form factor; perfect blend of features
Seems well built
nice phone, fun toy
There are no pros for this device
Sturdy; Great Looking; User Friendly; Basic Features Done Well
Light weight, sleek look, value for money mobile
Perfect mobile for young people
*Voice recording.&#13;&#10;*Strong vibration .&#13;&#10;*Small size .&#13;&#10;*Shortcut button .
--
Vibrations, Alarm, Soft keys, Small
Long battery life, Small,  Clear Sound.&#13;&#10;Switches from digital to analog automatically
Small, light, Hands-Free Car Kit a HUGE plus, good reception.
Sturdy
THIN, sturdy, holds lots of numbers, long battery.
All the many features this phone has to offer!
Small, lightweight, lots of features, generally user friendly.
Ease of use, features, battery life
small, light, nice design, display, features
Lots of features
None
Size
Great interface, lots of useful features
A Nice phone.....
Great extra feature like Calendar, Alarm and PROFILES!!!
Good RF performance, nokia menu easy to use. Profiles rock! Great battery life.
size, executive features, great reception ? world traveler.
Great battery life, Small, Light-weight, Good reception/signal
Super light and tiny, great battery, powerful programming.
SMALL!!! LIGHT!!! Easy to access phonebook.
Very portable, sleek, tons of accessories and user replaceable parts, good reception.
Very attractive and modern-looking. Small and not heavy. User-friendly.
Very Small, Light weight, Clear sound quality, Custom keys and menu
SUPER SMALL!!  Motorola product.  Long battery life.
small size/large phonebook/feature packed
Very Clear, Large Phone Book, Lots of Ring Tones, Online Capablitity
Small, sleek, sturdy,world-class, recognizable
Small, lightweight, attractive, customization is easy.
good-looking, good features
Very small,lite, and stylish. Decent signal and battery life.
Portable, lightweight, and stylish. simple, great for the buisnessman/woman.INCREDIBLY DURABLE
Works in Europe as well
small sleek phone
perfect small size; accessible phone book, easy to enter phone numbers, understandable menu
Small, affordable.
Very Small and light weight.  Decent sound quality.  Good battery life.
Light, durable, good reception, fashionable
Camera/Video.
Solid standard phone features
Big Screen, Good Camera, Symbian Operating System, Cheap,
Great Colour Screen
organizer functions - Color camera and display - video abilities
graphics, sound
PDA functionality, photo caller ID, sleek design, lightweight and compact, external LCD
Color display, compact, wireless web enabled, user friendly
Color screen, outer caller ID display, flash appeal, and quality
Sleek, silver, and in color, showing off the technology just starting in the US.
sharp display, crisp sounds, lots of features (photo caller ID!)
The color screen is cool. The LCD screen on the outside.
Awesome Color Screen, very light; good show-off phone
COLOR, eye catcher, design, midi rings, photos on the screen
Small, light weight, sleek, dual LCDs, solid construction, large screen.
Nice looking, cool features, great phone book implementation, user friendly, nice ringtone.
small, good reception, color lcd screen
midi rings, color display, bright screen
compact size, color LCD, outside LCD, big buttons, lots of features, wireless web
Color screen, ability to download midi files and pictures
Everything on this Phone is top Quality.
The look and the Picture feature. THATS IT!!
nice color screen,great ring tones,easy use pc sync mode,very light and durable
Design, covers, light weight
Cheap. Available. Works with my network. Inexpensive 3rd party accessories.
Good battery life, nice size, good reception
No bills, no statements, and plenty of free services!
cute design, many free additions
Durable, lightweight, great sound quality, easy to use.
Easy to operate, durable, stylish, good phone for a small price.
Rugged, dependable, 2-Way Text Messaging as well as voice, good value
Cute! Easy to talk on. Clearer than most other phones. Great phone for your money!
Attractive Cosmetic Look
Stylish, durable...
Small, light, good features.
small, light, lots of features
Nokia 8310
Its phone-radio capability is everything you wish you had 3 years ago.
It can supply people convenience and comfortable.
FM radio, nice backlit screen
good looking, large information reserves volume
Sleek, stylish look, good software, easy to use.
I loved it, it was small, cute and had great colours.
Well designed external LCD, very convenient form factor, good sound quality and reception.
Lightweight and tiny; large display for its size; web access, calendar, calculator
Great looks, solid overall build quality
small, lightweight, outer LCD display is awesome
Great design, small size, useful external LCD
Small, Lightweight, external caller id box
Full featured, easy to carry
Excellent size, external LCD
Small, sleek
compact, durable, chicks dig it, ease of use, lcd on outside with caller id
Great price, small, most of the special features i like, large easily browseable phone book
First and best mobile phone i ever owned
Stylish, small, works well - fits in pocket easily.
LIGHT STURDY SLEEK IN STYLE
Smaller, user friendly phone with direct connect
Small design, Lots of options, overall good phone
Affordable, durable, reliable, versitile, chicks dig it.
Compact size. Flip design. Basic features. Two way plus cellular.
Long Battery Life, Nice Size, Great Design, Walke Talkie, Most Normal Features, Cheap
Smaller than most other Nextel phones, voice activated dialing, nifty blue backlighting
Small in size, long battery life, it works
easy to use, direct connect, cool looking, its a nextel
Nice design, relatively small, loud ring alerts, speakerphone.
Easy to use, durable
None.
this phone is very easy to use and has good reception, clear as a bell.
Voice dialing and recorder, compatible with GSM and TDMA networks
Sleek, feature-rich, exceptional reception, Voice Commands
Works just about everywhere, light weight, battery life
Large memory, easy to dial
Incredibly solid build. Easy interface. Good features for price.
Incredible sound quality and reception, decent features, multi-networks give ultimate covarage, Nokia user interface
Excellent signal Strength, call clarity, and voice dial capabilities
Nokia Branded; Outstanding Battery Life; WORKS AS ADVERTISED!!!
Works great on the Cingular GAIT plan.  Better national coverage.
Small and light weight, web enabled, downloadable ringtones.
Packed with features for the price
Nokia name brand, battery life, voice activated dialing
big screen, pretty good battery life, great for messaging
Great battery life
sexy, sleek look, great reception and voice quality, amazing battery life
Slim Design, great volume
New technology, great features, good price, voice dialing
Light, sleek, no antenna, great sync, good PIM.
Sleek, antenna-less design; features galore
Multi-band: GSM, TDMA, Analog
The phone is light-weight and easily fits in any purse or brief case.
Long battery live. Easy to use.
Nothing I can think of at the moment.
Fairly small.  Good battery life.  Fair features.
The light weight design makes it very handy. We like the clear "land line" quality.
Voice dialing seems to work great.
Excellent  signal performance, call quality, battery life
The battery life is great.
Long battery life
TDMA+GSM, Long Battery Life, Very Clear, Doubles as a PDA
Picks up a signal everywhere, great for traveling, sturdy, not too small, a dependable cellphone.
Multi band, good for rural areas that do not have GSM coverage.
Easy menu navagation
So small it fits in your pocket, lots of features, great sound!
Has many features, it's lightweight and doesn't require much storage room.
Stylish and full of features; convenient, small and user-friendly
bigger screen, buttons; better battery; screensaver; Internet; more personal ringtones, profiles; uses old Nokia stuff
Easy to Handle and  Easy to use.
Small size, lightweight, user friendly
Small, bright backlight, easy-to-use buttons and menus, no antenna
Fully customisable, music ringtones, games, lightweight, stylish, etc.
compact, durable, excellent sound quality, good storage capability, large font screen for visibility
Loudness
Good looking, small, light-weight phone. Loaded with features.
small, compact and comfortable.  Good reception where I am
Small, great features, easy to use, ringtone composer
very sturdy
Sturdy, Small, Made By Nokia.
It came free with the service
Nice color screen
Reception, Screen, Ringers, Speaker, & lightweight!
Big bright screen, solid construction, easy buttons, intuitive operation
Display easy to read
Solid construction and great signal strength. Feels good to use.
EXCELLENT RECEPTION,EASY TO HEAR INCOMING CALLS,EASY TO PROGRAM,INTERNET READY
Excellent reception
screen, looks, reception, voice quality
Excellent screen/ Gets decent reception/ Big compared to other flips/ Pretty solid phone (not flimsy)
Speaker phone.
Light, ergonomic design, easy to use and navigate, sturdy, lots of features.
good battery life, very clear
Good voice dial option, light weight, it was free
Battery life, predictive text input, sleek appearance, voice dialing.
An affordable replacement that adds lacking features of previous 120 models
Sleek design, battery life, voice-activated dial, High Capacity Phone Book
Good reception, long battery life, lightweight
light weight, small, web ready
battery life, durability, customizable ring tones
Battery Life, Backlight Display, Memory
Good design, large enough to press the right buttons
Form, comfort, features
Size, voice
The appearance is it's greatest asset. Reception and clarity are also good.
Long battery life
Easy to see screen, sturdy build, solid reception.
Good looking. Light weight. Lots of features.
good battery life, very durable
size, ease of use
small, compact design that is modern and offers a fair amount of features
Small,discrete and lots of great features in a small pkg.
small, lightweight, if you have experience with cell phones, it's easy to use.
looks great, voice dialing, voice notes
Small and light, blue backlighting.
Made by Motorola.
battery life, sound clarity, gets the job done.
- SMS communication
Small and compact
small, easy to use
Easy to hold, very clear sound, no zone-outs
size without extra battery
economical, clear, large display face
very THIN, decent standby time, replaces my pager
Flat, long battery life and a few cool features
Excellent sound, good list of features
Great reception, tons of features, easy to use
Nice digital features in an inexpensive phone
small, light, inexpensive
Voice Recognition Hands Free Kit, Memory, Reception
Auto hands free is great, price is right
earpiece forms to your ear, slim design, clarity, serveral options
Thin,light,great features
slim design, durability, call clarity
Easy to use great for all time use
An extremely durable phone.  I've abused this phone and it still works perfectly.
Pretty blue case, thin and light
Small, light weight, interchangeable faceplates, great Qualcomm quality!
lots of features
Thin, thin but yet with enough power to transmit
good sound, small size
Two way radio, cell phone, and pager all in one piece of equipment.  Fairly small, and easy to use.
Very Versatile, Easy to Use and Read Display, Dependable, Well Made.
Easy to use, battery stays charges for long periods, lots of accessories,
Availability
Durable, clear, and 2-way radio.
Features
everything and then some
Comfortable, Compact, FUN!
Two-Way Radio
perfect clarity, wide range of plans available, small and compact
It can be abused, ergonomic shape.
Small, Direct Connect
Radio
awasome cell phone.two way.
They are portable
quick radio communications
2 way walkie
Direct Connect, very durable, battery life
Easy to use
Low price
Two-Way radio, good phone service &amp; clarity
rugged, durable, small, clarity, user friendly
Small and does it all for less $$
good plan and no roaming cost
Great service,Great customer service,Low cost phone
good sound
Two radio
It looks like a southern link radio!&#13;&#10;
Ease  of Use
instant access
2-way radio, clarity, internet access
The size, cost, no contracts, roaming fees etc.
2-way radio
Excellent phones, Excellent service
Convenience, and quality,very seldom static
Easy usage
Everything about it
Excellent clarity, great extra features
Small, Light, Attractive, Loaded with Features, Incredible Backlight
Superb styling, portability, cusomisation, and loaded with features.
Compact, lightweight, better overall backlit screen, good sound clarity
Weight, backlight, stylish design, quite a few improvements.
great Nokia UI, tiny size, nice design, internal antenna
sleek, elegant, great features
Small, Light, Cute looking, Cool White Backlight, Easy to use menus
lightweight, better reception, small, new features
Bright, clear screen.  Simple and quick access to features.
Looks, battery, features, compact, durable
small size, VERY bright light, very user friendly
Small size, sleek look.
Nice Styling and features
stylish, many functions, small
Small but big enough to hold in your hand
backlight, backlight fade effect, easy to read, durable, light, small, good reception.
very small, great battery life, cool lighting
Light, Small, Easy To Use
small, sleek stylish, features
Great reception; great design; easy menu
Has incredible battery life, gets great signal for small phone, and many new features.
Great features, excellent design, light weight
features, size
small, excellent upgrade, cool looks.  This phone rocks!
Small, sleek, white display, battery life, user-friendly
Small and lightweight
Small and compact, easy to use, face plate changeable
Convenient, good keyboard, simple and useful menu, great quality of sound, decent sensitivity, 11 games
Its tiny, the screens amazing, I love it!!!!
Keypad! Function! Games!
11 Games! 47 Tunes! Broadcast(CNN and stocks) Record voice memos
Mine was free, lightweight
small, lightweight and easy to carry
Small, Light, Easy To Use, Not Much Static
Inexpensive, Easy to Use, Plenty of Basic Functions
Lightweight and compact, clear reception
size, battery life(!)
Small, lightweight
very small easy to operate basic functions
Small
Small, easy to use, and some nice features.
small size, clarity
small size, load of features
Compact and light
Good
Small and lightweight, Nice belt clip, good manual
good voice quality, relatively light &amp; compact
Great Size, Great Offers
portable, durable, lightweight
Small, lightweight, portable
small, light, sounds clear
style, size, Motorola reputation, price
small, clear reception, many options
Light Weight , Sleek Design
good reception,light , and easy to use
small size, belt clip holder, charges quickly, great reception, lightweight
Small size, relatively easy functions
nice small comfortable
Size, weight, clearity, options
Small, Takes Abuse Like Nobody's Business,
size and durability
So small you can put it in your pocket and forget about it!
small and very durable.has the motorola toughness.
small, clear lcd, dependable, inexpensive
small light weight
Same great StarTAC looks
Great sound, sturdy, affordable, and small
It's small and looks cool.
Flip phone, Small
Compact, easy to use
Looks good, reliable
Very small and light
Size, cost, ease of use, dependability
Price, very small, auto answer/end calls with flip, well made, easy to read/understand manual
Free with service plan.  Small. Good clarity,
Great size, easy-to-use, clear reception
Extremely dependable
Small, Cost efficient
Economical rate plan
features
Small, lightweight, cheap, reliable, analog
A communication champ!
lightweight, convenient features
everything
Very light, small, long battery life, lots of options
small, light weight, easy to carry
compact, feels like a real phone in open position
compact and easy to carry
Small, Wearable, lightweight
Easy to carry around
Small, light, flip open to answer a call
Lightweight and compact
Very light
small, light, and always with you
It's very portable and small
compactness, ease of use, battery life
small, compact convenient
size, durable
compact size, somewhat easy to use
small
Size, fits anywhere
compact
Little, cute, good sound
Small,Good Battery life
Cheap, easy to use.
Small.  Cute.  A nice phone.
small
Good size
Small, user-friendly, efficient
Portable,lightweight take it anywhere
buy it
size, weight, &amp; features
small, thats about it though
Long use and stand by time
Small, long battery life, easy to use.
Beautiful design... rugged... choc-ful-of features...
Small, stylish, lightweight, feature-rich
Lightweight Good Display Good Reception
Pretty much has every feature you could possibly need, great look
Great sound quality and lots of useful features on an easy to read display.
Smaller, sleeker, multiple numbers: one name, "nubbin" ok button,
Perfect size, good flip opening angle, good ear piece
Clarity, Loud, Long Battery Life, Great Features.
Because it is Nokia 8850!Stylish, Durable, Infrared
Stylish, elegant.
Stylish, great reception, slider is pratical and functional
perfect style-designed, high quality
robust, intuitive
Has a lot of features and looks good to top it off
lots of features, good reception & battery, good design
An all-in-one wonder for the modern mobile warrior
most features, high tech, great phone too
User documentation, durability
wireless, PDA, INTERCOM, FAX, E-MAIL ALL-IN-ONE
Utility, features
Good for business man
Does the job!
pda and phone in one
All in one features
Phone / PDA in 1 / sturdy / sound quality Nice
Fax, Internet, Email, all in one unit. Price! Solid construction.
Looks cool, has some neat games
Flippy clam-phone. Always on email & legible screen & great battery life.
very good converged device, works well as a cell phone
two in one, small, sleek, sexy
A NORMAL size cell phone and a Palm in one package.
Small, awesome color, battery life, form, and functionality.
Phone and PDA, size, long battery life
Perfect size & design, two-in-one device, great at both, and great battery life
Small, stylish, feature-rich, first PDA that actually passes for a phone!
It is a mobile telephone, you can make calls on it.
easy to read screen, lightweight and compact
email enabled, easy to use, great call quality, downloadable ringtones, more
Lightweight, long talk time and standby time
Small, Easy To Use, Lots of Features
Sleek design, portability, customizable in many ways (face-plate, ring-tones, etc.)
Great when it works
Cheaper then haveing a plan on a cell phone
Low cost, Durable, email and downloadable ring tones.
More options and versatility than you can imagine, cool, useful
Cool factor, versatile, only one device to carry
Clear colour screen, handsfree audio, plentiful software, well integrated with phone, good battery.
One device to carry, good features, well-integrated phone and PDA features.
The universal device, powerful, pretty
Does virtually everything. Takes SD and MMC expansion memory cards.
A TOTAL computer in my pocket.
Two features in one. GSM network.
Compact. Well thought out.Cool looking
PDA portion worked well enough; bright screen, nice format.
Everything you need, all in one place.
PDA, Email and phone convergence
One device, anywhere in the world
Nice screen
It was pretty good while it worked.
price, weight, battery life
Customized ringer, speaker monitor, better earpiece and good, solid phone for the price.
Fits right into your pocket, external caller ID, very easy to use
Small size, sound quality, ringer types, simple user interface
Small, external caller ID, big screen, stylish
Very small,tons of useful features, flip phone, external LED, strong ear phone
Big buttons, Small Phone, Good battery life.
Size, Monitor on feature, Loud and clear voice, good connection
Smallest phone around. Great sound. Dual band. Voice dialing.
The size of the phone and the options of choice.
Small and Looks cool
Small, Attractive, Long Battery Life
Small, ext. CID, Scheduler w/ repeating events, voice dial
Very compact, nice looks, external display, external LED, lotsa features
Small, great reception, extremely intuitive.
Sleek, slim design; durable; plethora of features; good battery life;
Small, light, fully functional phone for a great price.
Good-looking phone
Form factor,screen size,voice clarity,signal holding strength,PIM functionality
Stylish, slim, light, packed with nice features
Small, sleek.
Great size, easy to use
light weight, AIM, Yahoo features, compact design!
Good reception, Excellent battery life, well designed
Compact, LOTS of features, good sized screen, Good Clarity. Voice Activated
good connection when talking with others
none
Small.
compact
Small, flip cover, decent menu system, general feature set is good
scheduler, games, clear signal, stylish.
Easy to navigate interface, plenty of features, looks good.
Style.  Voice dialing.  Easy to set silent mode.  Compact design.  Good battery.
Everything
Great sound quality&#13;&#10;One-hand operation&#13;&#10;voice dialing&#13;&#10;one-touch headset compatible
easy access phone book
Small, great features, easy to use
Great phone with cool features.
Friendly interface, can set different rings for each number in your phone book, calendar, to-do-list.
Small, attractive, excellent sound and signal reception, LOTS of features
Features, price.
Easy to read LCD screen&#13;&#10;Programming is a snap
good interface
Small, Light Weight, Easy to navigate, lots of options
Extremely reliable, medium cool factor for younger people
Small, light weight, good signal and sound quality, and cheap.
small, lightweight, and VERY durable.
Size, Push-To-Talk
Great Display, Speakerphone,Camera a plus
Built-in digital camera, speakerphone, internet ready, plus much more!
See Review
Stylish Flip Phone and Design, Integrated Speakerphone, Integrated Camera, Nice Applications
Flip design, downloadable ring tones, speakerphone, camera.
Sleek design, able to use MP3 as ringtone, nice display, sturdy build.
good crisp color screen
Comfortable feel, Stylish design, World Phone, Awesome ringtones
Loud speaker phone, flip-design, large screen, clear display
Several great features, good sound, good signal
Sharp Display, Good Quality, MP3 Ringtones, Acceptable Camera, Sturdy Feel, Quad-Band GSM, speakerphone, 5MB memory.
Polyphonic sound, camera, SIM card, speakerphone, outside display, good volume, long battery life, great price!!
Stylish, colorful display screen, speaker phone, expensive
Attractive, good size, easy to navigate, great volume, and more...
flip phone, external display, large color screen
low-end Cameraphone, mp3 ringtones, 65K color display, mediocre speakerphone, USB port for uploading/downloading
takes good pictures
decent camera phone, user friendly format
Sleek, handy, light, trendy, super cool.
great sound,great camera, great game support.
Beautiful outside, beautiful inside, awesome user interface, good pictures, good features
Stylish, long battery life at first, semi durable, now has second generation
Color screen, Phonebook, Text messaging, Alarm, speakerphone
mp3 ringtones, camera, WAP access, good reception
time & caller id on cover, loud speaker, sharp screen, recording function, camera, games selection.
attractive phone,nice camera
Styling; Display.
Sleek
Sturdy after being dropped.
Great color! Great picture capacity for the camera! Awesome battery life! Sleek style! Decent Pictures
vivid screen (when working), loud ringtones, sleek design
some of the pros include: looks, price, features, camera, battery life, screen
Design, a flip phone, and easy to operate
screen, games, camera, speakerphone, mp3 ringtones
Ok camera
The screen, sound quality
Camera phone,Lots of camera features, budget price
I had good coverage with Cingular.
cool factor
good signal nice overall phone
Small size, external caller ID, crisp screen, decent camera, good battery life
Features
good screen, speakerphone, ringtone speaker is clear.  Has a good camers
Looks pretty
its pretty and takes nice pictures
Clear screen, small
good  to have a camera with you all the times  able to send photos.
stylish, silver flip phone, camera, voice activated calling.
User friendly; great reception; attractive in appearance.
Styling, Battery Life, Features, Price
Lots of features, nice blue/silver combo, great reception, awesome battery life.
Looks, reception, battery life, lots of features for the price
Easy to navigate.  Backlighting makes it easy to see.
Free, Works good
Background light is cool
Great reception, easy to learn how to use.
Price, features, appearance, battery life, locking features
great reception, nice feel in hand, antenna doesn't break, nice blue backlight
Nice design, display, backlighting, and holster connector.
Very attractive design and blue screen
Gorgeous body, new features, unbendable antenna, cheap with promotions.
Size; easy carry. Plenty of cool features. Bright, good quality, easily read color display.
Small, light, compact
Looks, design, size
Small .. nothing else good about it
stand-by time increased, better text messaging, on-the-fly PTT groups, & size.
SIZE, durability, speakerphone.
Very pretty phone that makes an excellent paper-weight.
Very small and does it all
None that compel me to write about
Looks good.
as seen on NBC's Las Vegas and Law & Order
small, compact, durable, simplicity of user interface
Sleek Phone, Color Screen
Pretty. Wallpapers, and MIDI ringtones.
Nice size, cute and pretty, easy to carry, nice color screen
Small size, cool bronze design (women dig it), easiest Nextel user interface yet.
small, solid, extra thought put into phone and charger.
Price, speakerphone, email capabilities, weight
Small, lightweight, eye-catching phone with good reception
Size, Sonics, Appearance, Phone book configuration, Vibrating alert, Speaker phone
Light weight, small, build-in vibrating alert, decent battery power and T9
VERY light, very small, clear buttons and menus.
Compact and Sleek,Features
Light, cool looking, nice phonebook features
address book,
Small and light weight.
small, good features
Light weight, looks good, reasonable price, good reception
- small
Lightweight, compact, aesthetically pleasing, text message and email capabilities, multiple numbers per person in phonebook
look, price
Great reception, and pretty durable
Size, ease of data entry, ease of use.
Size, Features, Battery Life, Motorola Reputation
Great construction; Great performance; Good features; Just about ergonomically perfect
Unsurpassed build quality, Features, Performance, Price, Everything else
Advanced technology, very well-designed and reliable. Feature-packed.
High quality construction and performance, solid features.
fairly inexpensive for a flip phone; lots of ringtones included
Compact, stylish, lightweight, and reasonably sturdy
Small, Sturdy, Good Battery Life
battery life, look (sleek), small
Small, stylish, feature packed, easy to learn and use
Battery life, easy to use, calculator
Good phone, very compact
Good clarity, excellent standby reception.
Durable, Clear Reception, Easy to use interface
Small size
Capability to assign different ring tones to numbers.
&gt;Nice size
Nice feel and better User interface for Motorola.
Excellent voice quality in standard handsfree and a terrfic speakerphone mode.
Durable; Strong Antenna; Excellent Reception; Voice Dialing; Good User Interface
Quality, ease of usage, color screen, battery life and clarity.
Durable, All the right features
Excellent sound quality, solid build, sleek styling
reception, etc. Everything but the antenna.
Sleek, small, durable
Flip phone is compact.
excelent sound quality, stylish, compact, lots of features, flip phone
looks cool
Attractive
Compact, sturdy, great features, great quality
Sleek, slim, light weight, great battery life...
Size, ease of use, reliability, feature-laden, stylish
Size and style
Sleek, Lightweight, Durable, Awesome battery life.
Looks great, compact, loud rings, many options without being confusing
UNIQUE DESIGN, NICE COLORS, GOOD VOLUME
Nice small and inexpensive, the plans for this phone are also inexpensive.
Small, stylish, ease of use
Size
This phone is small sleek and just plain looks nice.
size
Extremley good Reception Classy look and stilying
Attractive look, small, external screen
Voice activated dialing, personalized ring tones, many options
Flip phone, voice recognition, simple to use, battery life, style
Small, Looks cool
Wonderful size phone, and great features
None - buy anything else
Small, very fashionable phone
Small, Stylish, Easy To Use, Crystal Clear!!!!
small, modern looking, long talk time
size, looks, features, software usability
Phone is clear and signal reception is very good.  Stylish.
Sleek, sophisticated.  The Motorola V60 is a perfect combination of form and function.
Small, durable, large phonebook volume, cool snap sound when closing
none
Cool gadgets
Speakerphone, small, lightweight, flip phone, multiple rings, downloadable rings, vibrate, silent, battery life
small,sturdy, light
Simple and solid.  No whiz-bang junk to break or malfunction.
Great look, feel, reception throughout USA, sturdy, battery life.
Looks cool
Good reception, LCD clear and well laid-out, easy to learn.
Voice Dialing
Lightweight, simple, sleek looking, display screen.
Looks cool
Large phonebook memory, lots of message space
Creative phone covers.
Large screen
Small. Awesome battery Life. Really good menu systems.
It could do a lot of stuff.
small, light weight, all around good phone.
Thinner, compatible with accessories (mostly)
CDMA Technology Allows Connectivity To Laptop, Faceplates, Lithium Polymer Battery Capable
lightweight, easily portable, large number of ringtones
Lightweight, good battery, easy to use
Very slick and attractive, portible, lightweight, Ringtones, faceplates,Good sound quality...ect
Pull-Out Antenna, Tri-Mode, WebBrowser and Text Msging Enabled
Nothing special.  I suppose it is a typical cell phone.
Clear sound, easy to understand features, inexpensive
Cool style, great battery life, extremely clear, easy to use!
Fair soud quality, Cool color face plates, It's a Nokia, Please read for more
Good size, easy navigation, changeable faceplates in fun colors
Nice feel, easy to dial, clear large printout, changeable ring tones, tri mode
Call clarity, Internet capable, durable.
Good battery life
Tri-mode, standard Nokia features (ring tones, etc.)&#13;&#10;
Interesting Keypad Layout; Lots of Features; Takes Digital Photos
Easy to use, practical, "cool"
Unique design, loudspeaker, video recorder, digital camera, voice dialing, IR port, MMC memory slot.
excellent battery, stellar reception, great camera, lots of third-party support
Camera, downloadable apps, great editing, versatile phonebook, fun, light, good reception, huge screen
Massive Screen, Great Functionality, Bluetooth, Image Quality
Ability to laugh derisively at people who have 3650's and think they're "really neat"
design, features: bluetooth, modem, pim, voice recorder, expandable memory, camera
Many seemingly nifty features
built-in camera; nice color display
So many features, huge colorful screen
Head-turning design, excellent reception and sound quality, tons of features.
Easily viewable, oversized screen, Cool Factor, Nokia's wonderful menu system,
Bluetooth, reception, expandability, decent camera
Features, display, bluetooth, quality/reception.
Sound Qualtiy, Built in Digital Camera, Expandable Memory, Excellent Contacts Manager
Good phone with tons of features and expandability to boot.  Has an MMC card slot!
Bluetooth, screen, custom menus for power computer user - totally inaccessible to the regular user.
Tri-band allows you use your phone in majority of the foreign countries.
easy to use lighted round keypad, large screen, video recorder and camera, voice tag
Blue tooth,infrared,Modem,VGA Camera, VGA Screen,Video Recorder,Gr8 Picture quality,Tri Band,Speaker Phone &16 MB Memory
Big screen, symbian, bluetooth, vga camera, replaceable faceplates, mmc slot
Large screen, still/video camera, features aplenty
So many features, cool design, very lightweight, big color screen
Very cool phone, stylish and superb features.
Bright clear display, loads of features, memory card
Camera, video, bluetooth
Camera feature is cool but only for a couple weeks.
Packed with features, great style, light weight
Tons of features, cool design and keypad.
triband (GSM-compatible); backlit numbers, fun camera, decent menus + good reception and sound
Digital camera and camcorder... oh and it's a phone too!
Excellent software, bright screen, great reception, powerful battery, very light, Bluetooth, InfraRed, etc
Screen; ring tones; Symbian O/S; bluetooth connectivity; memory expansion; still/video camera; style
Features galore, nice pictures, long battery life.
color screen, reliability
This phone can do mp3,FULL movies,and just about everything but cook you dinner.
clarity and ease of sharing photos, video recorder
Large 4,096 color display, Great digital camera, Memory Card
Bluetooth and IR, nice screen format, camera takes good pictures, fancy look, ringtones, tri-band
Very nice looking phone.
Pictures, video, sound, text and email messaging with these attachments, internet browsing.  Unbelieveable!!!
Clear!!!!
Cool phone, camera takes good quality pictures, large color screen,  web access, lots of ringtones
Camera, good battery life, lots of features, sound quality
BIG screen, a plethora of features, great reception, camera
.
Light,unique,key pad,screen size, faceplate,great images,loud ear piece,one hour charger.
Fun, huge and bright screen, flexible use of memory, infrared port, clarity
Beautiful Color Screen, RECEPTION, Camera, Bluetooth, etc.
Good Screen, nice features, great software
Buttons should be at top
Bluetooth functionality, Symbian operating system, Reception
Big screen, Bluetooth, Built-in Camara, and lots of extras!!!
Camera.
Video, Photos, Easy Menu,  BLUETOOTH
A cornucopia of fantastic features.
Great 640 x 480 resolution on the camera and Great games you can download.
almost everything you can think of.. if not, programs are downloadable
Big display,GSM, SIM card,cool skins,outlook sync
GREAT VOICE CLARITY/QUALITY; CAMERA; VIDEO-RECORDER; GREAT PHONE BOOK ORGANIZER
tons of features, email, calendar, internet, and much more.
has color and a camera
great phone!
Lg screen w/ good resolution, easy to use
Good design, small, voice dial, getting cheaper and cheaper
small, elegant and simple overall interface, good interface shortcuts, great battery life, durable
Lots of features and control over calling functions, lightweight
Loud enough, looks okay, nice weight, for those who like options there are options-galore
Has a "joy stick" for easier use.  Decent reception.
nice size, nice features like calender, calculator
Loud enough, uses Li ion battery
the menu directory was easy to use and the internal light was bright
Light, long talk time, easy to read display
simple, easy to use
Good reception, perfect for a general user. Includes voicemail.
very compact, many nice midi ring tones
Very compact, External LCD, Excellent ringer tones, comfortably-sized keys, stylish.
Very small, lightweight, great ringer tones, good phonebook features
Compact, lightweight, dual LCD's, excellent sound quality, many useful features.
Indiglo screen, good reception, small size, ringtones/vibrate excellent looks, easy-to-navigate menu's, price!
stylish,light, easy to store(small), comfortably sized keys, outer screen, good ring tones, internet access
stylish, size, display and menu set-up, ring tones
Small & Lightweight; very stylish; lots of features
Small, stylish, external caller ID, nice ringers, good battery life
size, ergonomics, earpiece sound quality, phone book layout
Size, Weight, Features, Low Radiation Level!
Great phone, great size, cools games :-)
Great style, ultra compact, big clear screen, reasonable price
Voice activation (how did i live without it), great reception,clarity,looks,weight...need i go on..
Very small, great look, very clear
Good Looking, Small Size
Size,Menu,Voice Features,Reception,Great Ring Tones
Small, range of accessories. Versatile.
Small Size, Fashionable Design, Fun Ring Tones
games, size, colors, basically everything
Very small, long battery life, nice rings, stylish
very small and lightweight
Eco mode, light on/off, speaker phone, cute ring tones
Good looking and is very cheap for what it is
Good speakerphone, sound is clear in digital land almost all of the time, tri-mode
Text Messaging, Tri-Mode, Speaker Phone, Voice Dialing, Bluetooth, Web Access, Good Reception, Voice memos
A speaker phone for Alltel customers.  Other nice ideas.
speaker phone, large screen, clarity, long battery life, voice commands, FM radio feature
Solid, easy to use phone with speakerphone feature.
Great speaker phone, excellent display, friendly, solid functionalilty, wonderful voice features
Signal Strength (Verizon); sound quality; Outlook sync; volume; voice notes; screen doesn't scratch easily
Incredibly strong case, good speaker phone
A great Speaker Phone - Moe than enough features
Good speakerphone, good reception in most areas.
Full featured; Outstanding duplex speakerphone; Sharp Display; Battery life; PIM; Bluetooth technology
Features, durability, size/weight ratio
The 270C has everything you need in a cellular phone and more.
Speaker phone is nice safety feature
Strong, consistent reception! Easy to use, great speakerphone.
Many Features, Easy Access, Speakerphone
Easy to read display, quality speakerphone, battery life
The battery life, loud ring tones and battery life.
Excellent Call Quality and comfortable handset, great ability to get a signal where other-handsets fail.
Lightweight, Good Call Quality, Good Price, fairly rugged
Thin, Simple to Use, Has what I want
Light-weight, nice-size display, loaded with options
Excellent call quality, text messaging, perfect size, great battery life.
Small size, light weight, good battery life, lots of features.
Compact, economical, well-rounded
Small, light, well made, attractive styling.
semi-lightweight, semi-small, CHEAP!!
Lots of features, easy operation...
Real neat little phone
Compact and lightweight
Light weight, inexpensive, built in calendar and stopwatch
Free!(if you think that's a pro)
Small size, superior Nokia menu layout, Eye-catching blue backlight
Compact size, feature packed, easy to use, great battery & of course, the blue backlight
Small, Nice looking, Internal Antenna, Nice blue backlit screen
Very small and light. Easy to use. Has most needed features.
Small,superb styling
Web enabled, clear reception, nice mobile hands-free option
Size, sleek appearance, ease of use, features
Joystick makes menu navigation and game play easy.
easy format, good size screen, plenty of features
It's relative small and it plays music!!!
Sprint Service, plays music
GReat sound quality, great little phone
Easy menu navigation, Stylish, compact design
MP3, sexy design
Plays MP3s, many options, wireless web capabilities.
sound quality, slim size, multiple phone numbers for one name entry
Compact, easy to use.
Great battery life, easy to use, many features
Nice wood touch-Many Rings
Changeable faceplates, long battery life, great reception, durable construction.
Swiss army knife of phones, durable and reliable, price
Can handle some abuse, large buttons
voice tags, bright screen, polyphonic ringtones, uses 51XX, 33XX, 82XX power accessories
Now people can get me, not just my pager!
Great for people who are semi-impaired challenged. Keep making them!
Free with service plan. Doubles as a flashlight.
Great phone and affordable.
Small, bright light, MIDI ringers
Small,Slim,Light,Cute
Personalizeable, pretty, cheap
Free with most service plans
Lightweight; charges quickly; uses other Nokia accessories; picks up PCS signal well indoors;
Great reception! Quite durable, aside from water.Changeable covers and easy to use.
bright lights, easy to read screen
Cheap
Great reception outdoors, GPS E911 Ready, Voice dialing, large, easily recognized buttons.
small, stylish, easy to use. Camera. Assignable ring tones
Bluetooth, Useful PIM, Screen, Easy to Use, Built Solid
size and style make it a great phone
Slick look. Small form factor. Bluetooth. Camera. Wireless web
None that come close to redeeming the cons
Compact design, customizable backgrounds, can cause gadget envy
Light, compact, feature rich, good battery life and intuitive design.
Good Screen, Bluetooth, WAP Access, Camera built in a small form factor.
Ton of Features. Nice look.
Camera, trendy-cool features, solid reception, small form factor
Size, Screen, Bluetooth
Looks cool to the eye.
Size, feel in hand, build quality
Nice looks, ring tones, camera works well.
Light in weight, large screen
Nice screen, good volume and clarity.
Very small, long battery life, lots of features, looks cool
small size, GPRS, Bluetooth, Java, Mophun, good ringtone reproduction, multi-number contacts, POP3-mail access
Nice Looking, good Bluetooth and Voice Dialing
read above
65k color screen, games, internet capable,lighweight and small
Connectivity, interface, look.
Lots of great features.
its colourfull
Bluetooth. Camera. Wireless web most things young teens want man! basic phone
Lightweight, world phone by T-mobile, clear, excellent signal.
Great looks, large screen for size, camera, sending text and pic messages fairly easy.
Easy user inerface. Bluetooth. Camera.
Bluetooth, Full of features, Large Display
camera and infrared work decent. didn't have a chance to test bluetooth
Inexpensive, Great Performance, Durable, Has the Important Features
Sleek and Stylish, Well Constructed, Ergonomically Correct, Good Clarity, Nice Bells and Whistles
Very stylish. Easy to operate.Great battery life.
Inexpensive, good volume
Price, looks, sturdy construction, size and weight, reception and sound quality, colors
Excellent reception; loaded with features.
light, decent voice quality, built in speaker phone, comes with two face plates
Lightweight, Easy access to "Quiet" Mode
Lightweight, good display, cheap, changable faceplates
Light, nice screen colors, easy to use, nice tones.
Very lightweight, but sturdy; good reception
Color changing screen, stylish exterior, VERY lightweight
light weight, excellent phonebook, color changing backlight, good reception (depends somewhat on service provider)
Color changing screen, stylish exterior, VERY lightweight
Recycling older, previously used phones?
Size/weight, several display options
Lightweight, ease of use
Sweet color changing face and the size
Very Lightweight,Has Speakerphone and Vibration features.
This is the best little phone you've ever seen or could ever want.
sweet little phone - wow how technology keeps improving!
Many Functions, speakerphone, easy to push buttons, large display, lightweight
Lightweight
sound quality good enough for me
Great games, great features
Menus are Easy to use
very good reception, easy to use, battery life is great
solid construction, good reception, decent battery life, lots of features for the $
looks sharp, has a pretty blue color
Small, lightweight, flip-phone style, lit display, lots of number storage.
Light, stylish, easy to use
Small & Compact, Sleek, Stylish, Functional & Practical (During its Life Span), Some Good Features
Good battery life, good reception, easy to use features
good reception and clarity
Size and style and battery life.
The reception is OK.
price and the look
flip phone clear screen good reception
GREAT RECEPTION, LIGHT AND FLASHY. THIS IS A VERY NICE PHONE, WITH GREAT FEATURES.
Small, great sound, terrific battery life, neat blue screen, charges fast, easy availability of accessories
Size, phone book, vibra call alert
Cute, Sleek, Versatile
Very compact, nice silver colour, large text screen.
Web Enabled, Msn, Great Graphics, Big Screen, One touch Key Guard, Durability. On and On
Compact, large screen, inexpensive
Small, tri-mode, very attractive.
long battery life, easy access to phone book and web, good sound
Loud Speaker, The Clear button is handy,
Direct Connect, Long Battery Life
Durable, tough, easy to use
Direct Connect
Speaker volume, &amp; Durability
Strong phone, good sound
Features, Functions, Clarity, Durability
screen, features?
Two-way, paging and cellular all in one.
too big to forget somewhere
Durablity,Features,Color,Everything!
direct connect, strength and durability
rugged
Low price, dual mode, good reception, 200 entry phone book, text messaging.
solid light good looking
solid construction, small size, ease of use
Small, lightweight, great reception, and usable features.  Changeable Faceplates!
Free after rebate, even for existing customers!
small, utilizes wonderful Nokia menu system
small size, good games, lots of rings, battery life w/standby.
Free (with mail-in rebate); good reception and sound quality; easy to use
good phone for a newbie to cell phones, easy to figure out.
Excellent price.  Free hands free earpiece.  Text messaging.  Internal antenna.  Decent reception.
Easy to use, cheap, good for newbies
Small, light, long battery life, good menu system
Fundamentally usable. Well spaced buttons.
easy to use, basic features, text messaging, free phone
I love the easy access and not hard to get things.
Very small, Free, includes head set.
Great Reception, Nokia quality, great battery, e-mail & aim capable
Good RF Performance.
Small, easy to use.
Good sound; small and easy to carry; good menu system
Good reception, decent price, record your own ringtones
Great color screen, short charging time, excellent sounds
Size, reception, audio quality are EXCELLENT.  Sure is blue!
Sound quality, lightweight, color screen
VERIFIABLE upgraded features; ring tone record, 2nd ring speaker
Adequate reception, good entry level phone
Cheap, Color Screen
Long battery life, dowloadable ring tones, graphics, themes and games, color screen
Improved reception
Great Battery Life.
Light Weight, Sleek, Good standby and talk time, quick charging, convenient navigation
It's small, lightweight and easy to carry. Good PDA funtions.
Nice Screen, good reception, good features
small, light, nice colour display
Huge LCD Display, Power and Features!
Simply amazing design, best text entry I've ever seen.
Internet Friendly
internet saavy, thin, great signal, large screen, can do more than you will ever use
large, clear LCD
stated elsewhere
Large Clear Screen. Can Share Address book with MS Outlook
Screen size
Quality text display
large screen, nice LCD &quot;indiglo&quot;, superior reception
nice capabilities
lg LED Screen Back lit. All in one degsin
Large screen, WAP/Net-enabled
large screen, auto-complete
Big screen. Notifies when e-mail arrives. Nice color!
Feature rich
Large screen size, web enabled
Internet, LARGE screen, clear reception
Big display, small phone, displays graphics, key pad easy to read.
Huge screen; 1 of only 2 internet phones supported by AT&T
Good clarity, easy to operate, lots of different options.
Clear display; large display
Easy to read, and more lines of text
large screen.
The latest technology.  Almost a mini computer.
Has much needed alarm and removable battery.
Personalize your ring tones. Small. Great sound when listening to the other party/caller.
Durable, Does all the basics well, decent service
Cheap and pretty
small, lightweight, compact, tough consruction, easy text entry
small, lightweight, compact, tough consruction, easy text entry
look & feel, durability, large color screen, polyphonic ring-tones, flash light.
Rugged, simple (no camera).
very durable,great features.
Color display, durability, Nokia reputation
Robust Design
Excellent reception.
Inexpensive, Reliable, Small, Attractive, Good Features, Good Battery Life
The phone is lightweight and fits into the palm of my hand
Long battery life, easy to use, tiny, and a nice blue light
Voice dialing, easy to use interface, lots of features
Many Features, Web Browser, Games, Speed Dial, Contact List
Small, lightweight, good battery life, decent reception, great price, high speed Internet access.
Light, easy to use, lots of features, games, and options. Great reception.
Good phone and features for the price.
Packed with features (esp. for the price), nice display, compact, reasonable price on options.
Blue Backlight
Many features, if you can get the phone to work in the 1st place.
Compact,great screen contrast,LOTS of features,good clarity,voice activated dialing
Lightweight, neon blue screen, long battery life, sturdy antenna
Fits a everyone's lifestyle in today's upbeat world
great reception, light weight & small. Easy to use.
Durable, inexpensive.
Lightweight, good battery life and reception.
Speed Dial is useful feature.
A breeze to use, logical navigation, attractive
Light, good-looking, games, and web-ready
Small sleek physique, easy to use menu, cool blue screen,(alarm clock,tip calculator, games)
size, battery life, blue screen
Small size, ease of use, attractiveness, ease of programming contacts, sufficient options, speed of recharge
Can make outgoing calls if you are lucky; looks ok
Nice display, good battery life, reception anywhere, cool voice dial,
Nice look and feel
Easy to use, good back light, sounds great!
Good battery life, easy to use, nice keypad.
compact, cute, long battery life, price.
Lightweight, Bright display, Lots of features and games, voice dialing.
Size & weight are ideal for the price. Easy to use and looks great, too!
Lightweight
Color, text messaging
Blue Indiglo Face, loud ringing tones, small
Inexpensive and worked great for a year
it took quite a few smashes to break the screen
Great phone deal-pretty phone. Overall-i'm very pleased. Verizon was great. I will stay with them.
Good-looking phone with nifty blue backlighting that is easy to read in the dark
Nice interface, Blue Back-Lighting, Nice price.
Cheap. Physical setup ok.
easy use
T9 predictive text, blue LED backlighting, cheap
Great features with easy to use Menu.  Battery lasts a long time on standby.
Great battery life, and compatibility with a lot of 3rd party accessories
Great phone!! No Problems!! Nice features!
GSM roaming works almost anywhere, single global phone number
Speaker phone, multi-line, and direct connect
worldwide phone number, GSM roaming "just works
Cheap and has lots of bells and whistles
International capability, great battery life if you aren't compulsive about talking a lot.
Reasonable size, great features, direct connect, "worldwide"
Weight, Style, and Worldwide Roaming
Worldwide roaming, good speakerphone
Sleek, stylish, not heavy, reasonably priced, sturdy, I haven't had trouble with it...
economic
Basic, simple to use phone
Small, Easy To Use.
Great phone book. Ringer can be loud
Good battery life, huge screen, lots of features and excellent stylus menu structure
Cheap, Integrated PDA, integrated speaker phone
Small, lightweight, many features
small phone, inexpensive
compact, easy user-interface, lightweight, active flip
Lightweight, clear connections, vibrating ringer, flip-open, battery life
small, compact design with handy belt clip and volume control
Clarity, Signal retention, Size
Light, small, keys covered, many options.
Great size,weight, fairly easy to use.
Great Product, small & compact, EXCELLENT voice quality & range (beats Nokia hands down). SMALL!
small and light, low price, easy to use
Compact,Easy to use,Vibrates and rings,caller ID,separate rings for family
Compact, flip front
Lightweight and small
it was free, it was durable
Compact size, great price, decent sized address book
Can make and receive calls usually without many problems.
small; nicely shaped; excellent interface; fantastic battery life; quality screen; very durable; awesome volume control
Small and light weight.
Price, size, ease of use.
sleek and lightweight, good ring volume
Cute, small, light weight, cool feautures.
Cheap
It is small and light.  Great at cutting off.
small; lightweight; decent screen
Small, easy navagation, easy volume control.
Stylish, but so are high heels.
Simple, no-frills, looks decent, buttons have a good feel, unlike almost all newer phones
Tiny, cute, lightweight, many features, great volume, access to the internet
It's small
Small, good battery life, sturdy and inexpensive.
Color Screen.
lightweight, easy to use
Excellent software design, Good reception, polyphony ringtones, GPRS
folder structure,large memory, user friendly, polyphonic, light, colour
great colour screen, polyphonic ringtones, games, keypad nice and big
Colour screen, great downloadable games available, downloadable graphics
MMS support, reliable, good wap browser, good battery, replaceable covers
Good, all you need
Amazing features and abilities
Relatively integrated palm/phone, not overbearingly large, affordable 1XRTT (finally).
Clam-shell design, good sound, good reception, good battery life
Seems like the ultimate solution
Well made, durable, seamless PDA and phone, LOADED with features. Outstanding design
It works! It's the future! It's here now!
Nearly perfect PDA/Phone, not a bad value either.
Fairly Decent converged PDA/Phone
Overall, it does everything, some things better then others
true PDA smartphone w/touch screen, expansion slot for SD cards, excellent reception
Combines PDA, e-mail and cell phone functions.
When it works, Palm and phone in one device. Don't recommend to a friend.
Great consolidation, fantastic features, MP3 player, SD card, very good phone, excellent beltclip, web access.
Awesome color display, stable Palm system, easy to use.  Reminds me of my old StarTac.
Great PDA/phone combination, easy to cary around
Solid construction.
Intended functionality.
The best compormise in existence for phone-centric people
Best phone/pda convergence device out there.  Good reception, nice battery life.  Full Palm functionality.
All in one.
Superb call clarity. Bright screen.
Feature rich as a business tool
Everything you want in a phone, pda and wireless information appliance
Combo Palm/phone, reasonably integrated--what could be better?
Solid comfortable case, nice screen and awesome features
Phone first, PDA second. Solid feel to phone. PDA is true to Palm
PDA and phone in a single device.  Works with Mac OS.
A great Idea
Excellent combination of phone/PDA functionality
The phone works in the US.  Other than that....?
The palm portion works great.
all in one
Everything in one nice package
Quality feel.  Great Features.  Screen quality.  Screen size is perfect.
Compact design, easy to use, lower cost than some PDA phones, belt clip
One device for PDA and phone.
Beautiful Bright Color Screen, Easy to use, Nice sturdy clam shell design.
small outside lcd display allows you to identify callers without opening the flip
What good is a palm, mp3 player if the phone won't work?
sturdy, great size, user friendly
Flip, reasonably small
Rugged, good display, great integration of phone and Palm PDA.
Palm is a good OS, just not on this product.
Great phone. Good PDA. Nice sizing.  Flip style.  Durable. Battery life OK.
Great integration between phone & pda
Neat GSM webphone with beautiful display
Sleek, Flip Phone, Outlook, Internet Explorer, Instant Messenger, Windows Media Player, All in One Device
Tons of Functionality, Great Display, Sleek Looks
Looks great, feels great, solid
Elegant looks, all the PDA features in one small phone
Attractive clamshell, external speaker
Call quality, Signal strength, outlook sync
Stylish. Nice display screen. Good applications
Seamlessly synchs with Microsoft Outlook. Large, easy to read display makes navigation a breeze.
Easy sync to outlook, contacts, etc.
everything about it after you upgrade
Cutting edge, reliable, efficient, & feature-rich
The best PDA/Phone Combo, but a
Great integration of PDA and Cell Phone.&#13;&#10;Wonderful color screen and graphics.&#13;&#10;
Great color display, lots of applications
Great Internet utility and email with a wide color screen, full function Keyboard. SPEAKER-PHONE!
Great style.Spacious keyboard. Beautiful screen.Hands-free phone without the use of a headset is good.
Office applications, Microsoft Outlook and Lotus Notes Synchronization, and Microsoft Office compatibility.
Great screen and keyboard; Advanced, easy-to-use applications
Great screen, nice keyboard, Symbian O/S, lots of memory and expansion possibilities.
Exceptional Features. Light Weight. Ultra-cool blue screen.  Nice games.
Backlight
Light, small, easy to read display, tons of features
Blue screen, battery life, address book...goes on and on
Blue screen and sailboat screensavers ? Yippeeee
Small, nice design. Clear display. Inexpensive.
Easy to read w/blue display, very compact, high speed data capable
Lightweight and compact, excellent battery life
Attractive, compact design.  Easy to see blue backlighting.
lightweight, great lighted screen, cool features
Easy to see blue screen, easy to navigate menus
Blue backlight screen and keyboard, built-in games,usefully built-in tools and good sound
Lighter-weight
Good user-interface; nice appearance; pocket-sized.
Small, cute faceplate and luminiscent backlight. Volume adjusts during calls.
fantastic phone for little money
small, calm blue backlight, excellent games.
None come to mind.
Blue Light (enough said)
lots of bells and whistles.
Blue lights, big memory, small phone.
None
3G CDMA - crisp LCD matrix - Lazer Blue LED's! buttons feel cool! Sleek
worked well for one year
size, features, blue light
Cheap, affordable, great customer service, no phone bill, downloads, goes off by itself
cheap
Cool screen, vibrate function
Excellent sound and signal qualitly, easy to use
Looks cool, nice display (when it's working), fairly easy to use
Blue lighting, good graphics when visible
free with AT&T Wireless Service, good clarity
Cute and affordable
Rock reliable, extendable antenna, inexpensive, good performance
Small, light and easy progamming
Simple operations make it easy to use.
Inexpensive, voice dialing, nice interface,
it was free
Low cost,excellent reception,voice activation,battery life,and bluetooth compatible.
nice features; easy to use
features, interface, battery life
Small, thin, great battery life, good overall design.
reliable, except for the proprietary charging plug
Cheap and has the walkie talkie feature
It's rugged, charges quickly, simple to operate, basic phone no unwanted bells and whistles.
Reliable; easy to dial calls; very good speakerphone; walkie-talkie capability
Small, durable, easy functions.
several features, cute, portable
Small Size, Lightweight, Good voice quality, Nice menus, Better than TP 1100
Lightweight and inexpensive
Small, light, easy to use.  No nonsense phone when you just want to call someone.
Compact, Lightweight, Flip phone, Not too complicated, Cheap
Small, lightweight, and it has a screen on the outside.
Small, inexpensive for its features.
This a very compact phone that fits your face beautifully.  Great features.
Light and Small, Durable, easy to use menu, cheap
It's pretty.
Durability(trust me-I have a 2 yr old), Clarity, portability, fast charging time.
Nice features, backlit, compact size, holds a charge.
Easy to use, good sound quality, long battery life, attractive and lightweight phone
get this phone free.  gets the job done.
Hmm well does not break when falls
Blue back lighting, reception and clarity, and the battery life.
Backlit blue screen, Ease of use, durability
None that I can think of
Phone, pager, 2way, internet, sms, email all in one. looks neat.
Affordable Versitile Connects when I need it and Works Great for Buisnesses
Direct Connect, Durable, Options can be added
HEAVY DUTY; JACK OF ALL TRADES; RELIABLE.
Durable, battery life, features
Direct connect, cheap plans.
Clarity, 2-way Function, Easy-to-Read LED Screen, Long Battery Life
Very dependable
Large Screen, Reception, Software
The absolute BEST of quality in all aspects.
Color display, many features, and quality sound
BIG color screen, cool games, inside looks cool
None worth mentioning.
Syncs with Outlook, decent navigation, size, weight
Selectable ring tones for different people
Worked well , while it worked.
It's a phone
Lite weight, color-screen
Has some cool syncing features with outlook.
SIM card, Lithium Ion battery, multiband, long battery life
customizable keys, battery life, appearance, IR sync with computer
Compact, decent buttons, infrared capabilities
Excellent reception and battery life
Multiband Digital Coverage, Lithium Ion Battery, Voicedial, Data Cable, programmable buttons, hold feature.
Light
It looks cute.
Dual digital network support, excellent battery life, lots of features.
Color of screen (amber is cool).
Multi Band (GSM /TDMA), great menu selections, infra red connectivity voice activation
Great sound quality and reception, cool-looking yellow backlite, lightweight, great battery life. $100 Rebate.
Size, Amber backlight, Reception, Clarity
Great reception, dual-band, good battery life.
UMMMM I can make and receive some phone calls, thats about it.
Comfortable design, amber backlight, good signal, great design for actually talking for extended periods.
Tri-band, lots of features, direct sync with MS Outlook, WAP, SMS enabled.
Small and portable, soft amber light is amazing.  Good battery life.
Remotely attractive.
Software allows easy sync from MS Outlook.
Tri mode capbilty so coverage is great, good quality phone
GSM 900/1900 GPRS & TDMA 850/1900 network aware
Clarity, Battery Life, Size!
None come to mind
Versatile and reliable communication with good audio
Works in US and Europe, great sound quality, durable
Color screen!!  Stylish, lightweight, compact, filled with neat features
BIG color screen, durabilty, sleek, light, flip, external display
pretty colors
A durable flip phone that resembles the Samsung 8500.
small, nice color screen
Big color screen, decent battery life, cool look.
Color Screen, Cool Style, Data Link can be used as a portable modem for  laptops.
Cute, stylish, very good reception, feature rich
Good reception, relatively cheap, won't break and Verizon has a huge coverage area.
Sleek design, light-weight, clarity, great colors, external caller ID
Call Quality, lots of features including a Planner, Durable, E911, built-in answering machine
Web access, large screen, external caller ID
Reliable, durable phone with no wasted frills.  Long battery life.
Small, cool silver color, external display, awesome blue backlight
Cute, fits easily into pants pockets, makes you look and feel cool. That's about it.
Virtually everything, except...
Good reception, sound quality
color screens, individual ringtones, several #'s per entry
whisper mode feature, caller id in flip with customizable colors
Pretty, Cool, Easy to Hold, Clear Calls, Verizon, Feature Rich, Large Button, Calendar, Much More
Alarm, calendar, voice-dial, light-weight, color changing front, and front display caller ID.
Extremely portable, External color LCD light, Good reception, Daily planner
Size,Functions,Wireless Modem!
Size, clarity, display, shows time when closed
Nice backlight, color external Caller ID
Fun at first, looks nice, polyphonic ring tones a plus
Phone lasted for 20 months without problem.
Stylish design, small size, bright display, clear signal.
Nice screen and keyboard
Easy to use and extremely affordable.
Huge phone book.
Easy to use, good sound, nice compression feature.
Good Reception, Very Durable, Blue Lighted Screen and Number Pad.
uhhh the aligator display is cute?
permantly stuck in downloading mode and cant be fixed
There are no pros!!
haven't had the phone long enough to come up with pros
The bright colors.
Modern featurs, sleek look
Cheap
none
easy menu options, hard to break, and good text-messaging unit
Small, lightweight, voice dialing.
Great-looking; small/compact; light; doesn't heat up.
Large font and buttons for limited vision users.
Small
Pretty small, battery ok; great with extended battery.  Multiple phone numbers for each phonebook entry.
It is user friendly, nice colors
Size
nice display, feels great in hand, intuitive buttons
Relatively small and compact.
sleek style small size easy to use
Works good as modem
comes in a nice box, breaks into pretty pieces when smashed
small. Big buttons. Bright screen. 500 name address book. Internet ready. GPS emergency location feature.
Great battery life, looks cool, customizable, internet-ready
Flip phone, colour screen, camera
Voice dial, stylish appearance, personalized ringtones
Color screen, camera attachment, weight, features, voice dial, Fast GPRS data transfer, memo recorder
Nice form factor, big color screen
Excellent screen, backlit buttons, voice tag feature.
good screen, easy to figure out, good sized keys
Great colour screen that can be seen in daylight.
Nice color screen.  Easy menu. Good size. Nice backlight.
Color screen, digital camera, downloadable ringers
Color Screen, Battery Life!, Brightness, Easy Navagation, Caller ID display on the outside!
Easy to use, sleek look
Great signal strength
Looks cool, great sound quality, nice menu system.
Nice screen. Small size.
Reception, battery life
Compact, easy ear positioning, nice features, fast charge
Clear sound, sturdy, speaker phone
Great battery life, speaker, very rugged
Great battery life, the best signal strength, Very durable if dropped.
Inexpensive, personalized rings, lots of capabilities for this price, battery life.
Joy stick control, voice dailing, good customer service
small enough to fit in pocket or purse, good reception, decent battery life
Lots of nice features.
Easy to navigate, attractive,large screen, very bright
Nice, sleek design, fits in the palm of your hand, ergonomically designed, plus cool features...
Small, modern looking, loaded with extras but still low in price.
Nice design-easy to hold
Ease of Use, Joy Stick Control, T9 Predictive Text
Sleek looking
Looks kind of cool
Size,Durability, Looks, Technology
Lightweight, Walkie-Talkie Feature, Clear Sound.
PRICE, STORAGE, Internet, Call List
Cheap entry phone,Joystick control
Navigation stick, Price
indestructable, 3 way calling, loud ringer, comes with belt clip
Its a cell phone at least
Web browser, Instant Messaging (AIM and Yahoo)
Service is great in certain areas
Small size, external LCD, nice design, voice dialing, cool features
Small size, features and options
small, voice dial, exterior ID screen, easy menu screens
ring tones, durability, size, price
Smallish Size, Great Spec, Cheap
Small, quality feel, reliable, WAP.
ring tones, durability, size, price
associates fax, phone, mobile, email number under one name
large screen, optimal SMS client, standard-compliant web browser, rugged casing
It does have some pretty cool games ;-)
Web-enabled, short message service enabled, good voice quality, low price
400 Phone # spots, Internet browsing, thinner than Nokia 5160.
Easy to read display.  Web-Enabled.  2-way SMS text messaging.  Tri-Mode TDMA.
Better than sending smoke signals.&#13;&#10;Battery has decent life, good sound quality.
Nice size, easy-to-understand buttons, long-lasting battery, good features, free with rebate
WAP web browsing capabilities
cheapest phone offered by cingular
Wireless Web (basic web is completely free!).  Great size and battery Life.
Price was right, decent size, free hands-free earpiece.
Some cool features--CDPD, programmable ringtones, etc.
Wireless internet at your fingertips, clarity, features
Good battery life, browser, low cost accessories, good feature set
Durable and easy to use
Lots of useful features
Tremendous features, cheap accessories
Clear Signal, WAP enabled, phonebook size, size
Web accessable
Portable, nice in service range
Well actually I have found none!!
This is the absolute worst phone or phones I ever owned
This phone is great! Very easy to use, very durable.
Great service, good battery life
Outstanding Battery Life, So Simple To Use My Dog Could Make Calls!E-Mail In My Palm!
Large screen, HUGE amounts of memory.  Ability to use 5100,6100 accessories.
Great display, great contact management software
Nice menus, big screen, Navi-roller is convenient/fast, long-battery life
Great technical specifications.
Tri-Band Coverage
small and cheap
Great technical specifications.
Tri-Band Coverage
small and cheap
color screen, address book, perfect size,, crisp display, easy to use, flip styling
It's cute, stylish and trendy
Screen, Speakerphone, PCS Vision-Enabled, Joystick
Bright screen, lots of features
Color screen, PCS Vision capable, polyphonic ringer, speakerphone, flip style.
COLOR SCREEN! Unconventional and cool flip style.  Versatility. PCS Vision enabled. Speakerphone.
Comfort, features, does not heat up
Awesome screen, form factor.
It has a color lcd,great extras like airplane mode and organizer.
Looks great, clear speakerphone, color LCD, and reliable reception and battery
Lots of neat features very flashy and pretty.
looks good, has speakerphone, decent music quality
Color screen.  Speaker phone.
Great styling, attractive interface, speakerphone capability, voice quality, ease of use.
Flip style stops your ear from getting red, speakerphone, small size.
Wireless data modem, bright clear display, nice loud ringers
good size, well laid out controls
Good call clarity, nice speaker phone, and  good ergonomics.
polyphonic sounds, size
Compact size, Color screen, Speaker phone, Easy learning curve
Color display, blue backlit keys...
Color screen, wireless web
Clear Speaker Phone, PCS Vision Capable, Color Screen, Blue Backlit Keys, Nice Keypad Layout
compact & functional
Color screen,speaker phone,camera capability,and the web.
Nice look, good sound quality, reliable.
Colorful Screen
Speaker phone is nice.
1.Back Lite 2.Speaker phone 3. Games for the kids .Pictures
Small and thin, color screen, higher speed web, feature-rich
the only pro I can come up with is that the color screen is pretty
NONE
Absolutely Everything!!!!  It's a terrific phone!!
Size- works well (for awhile)
Color screen, small size, phone book
Looks good on the outside
2 for 50 bucks. do I need say more?
Speakerphone
thin, light, color, web, email, GPS, flip phone
not many pros here
Big color display, flip phone
good  price  durable  and  ergonomic.
Web capability, Games, Shortmail
Looks Good but that's about it.
Too few to mention
Radio, stylish professional looking, good reception, blue backlight, small and light
Gorgeous, tiny, reliable
It was free from VoiceStream as long as I signed a 1 year contract.
inexpensive (if not free), durable, all the standard features
Good battery life and large screen.
I can talk clear, calls do not fade
Small, Good Signal
Small, compact, light
Simultaneous Alarm Clock, text friendly, handy, all weather proof etc.
Size, construction, feature set.
Stylish, Lightweight, small, nice layout
Small Size, Flip-Open, Screen on Front
Dual LCD displays, compact design, lightweight & portable, sexy looking
Small, thin,great screen clarity and lighting, sexy
Stylish, lots of functions on the external display, light, small
Sleek, Easy to use, Clear blue backlight, and a variety of other features
Size, Weight, Style, Blue lights, very very slick
Small, light, well-built, nice menus and backlight.
Slim, light, adequate features
Stylish, effective, light and portable
Nice design, features, good reception
Small size, lightweight, easy to read screen
Good looking, sturdy, easy to navigate.
Lightweight, easy interface, small
Small,compact
Easy to carry and protective from scratches
Size
design, compatability (size), external lcd, polyphonic ringers
Size, weight, polyphonic ringtones
Small (for the US), sleek, one good game, intuitive to use.
Good reception, nice price, very easy to use
Beautiful blue back light.  Compact and offers a large display screen.
small, two LCDs, Voice active,light, stylish, lots of features, polyphonic sound, clear
Compact, nice screen, external caller ID window screen.
Looks great, very light weight and stylish. External LCD
Small size, external LCD
Looks great. Very small & light-weight. Lots of features. External display.
External Caller ID, Polyphonic Ringers, Customizable Ringers and backgrounds, Charging Time, Vibrate Alert
Small size, dual displays, great looks
Small, lightweight, Slim, great looking, cool blue illumination.
sleek, fits in pocket easily, external window, MIDI ringers
beautiful; small & light-weight; backlighting; three alarms settable; rings (if you're into them)
Compact and stylish.
Small, lightweight, lots of features, customizable rings and images
Blue backlighting, outer LCD, large active inner screen, Cheap (~$99 currently)
small design
Small, lightweight, blue screen rocks, sound quality, outside display, features
small, cool games , cool blue light, and its really lite
Signal Strength LCD Size Style
Stylish looking and sleek
Cheap, small, good placement of buttons
Battery doesn't drain instantly
Light Weight;slim design;Dual LCD Displays a plus;backlighting
Small size, attractive design, lightweight
easy to use, nice ring tones, priority ringing, small, clear.
External LCD, Looks great
The pro part is I got rid of this stupid phone!
Nice size and very compact.
good looking,sexy, attracts attention, flashy
The phone is slim, compact and sleek.
Compact, easy to navigate. Voice dial helps in the car.
lightweight, screen on front cover
Sleek body, huge LCD screen, okay battery life
Slim feature and good looking.
good design/menus/buttons
Ring Tones, Compact, Acceptable Clarity, menu's are user friendly
Otherwise, a decent phone.
Nice loud ring options , convenient send to mailbox side buttons
Small size, easy to use, inexpensive
Pretty phone and graphics
Nice size
Small, light, custom lights.
tiny, simple, sleek
Aesthetically pleasing.
GREAT signal reception, small & sleek, cool polyphonic ringtones, simple to use
Very small, great rings, nice blue light
Cute, Speed Dial, Super Speed Dial
Color screen, small size, "cool factor," features, etc...
Aesthetics, Gadgets
Lightweight, appearance, call quality
awesome features, color screen, lots of extras, great reception
Feature Rich, Color Screen, Motorola Reputation, E911 GPS
Nice, big, color screen...
Nice color screen, E911
great feature set, perfect size/weight, brilliant color display
Great voice quality, color screen, excellent reception, full of features.
Great features set, excellent sound quality, good battery life
Great Sound!  Cool color screen.  Can be used as a flashlight.  Many Features.
Simplicity
Color, Super Cool, small, decent battery life
Dual display, good looks, sharp screen, easy to use menus, polyphonic ringer
Its light, Its bright, and fun!
Small, lightweight, wonderful resolution and color, full of features and options.
Lightweight, small, color display, lots of gimmicks, games
Nice crisp color screen, integrated datebook that works.
color screen, BREW
Superior battery life, good sound quality, colorful and easy to read display
Great signal in NYC area, crisp and clear sound, great color screen
Size, Features, Color Screen, Ease of Use, Speaker, Embedded Ringtones...
Nice color screen, Get It Now, very light, ring tones, sleek
size, easy to use, good screen
Good for basic calling functions.
Color screen, light weight, polyphonic ring, downloadable software, good signal retention
COLOR!!!  Cool games and ring tones.
Compact, Lightweight, great features.
Cool looks and screen, lots of features
Voice quality, Get-It-Now games & tools, sharp looks.
Active Color
Color screen, easy interface, great voice dialing
Compact; secured antenna; exterior display; features and setup options galore; very good reception/no dropped calls
Large colour display, predictitative text messaging
Excellent Color Screen, Polyphonic Ringtones, Verizon's "Get It Now" service, Personal Information Mangager
Looks very nice, bright color screen, generally easy to navigate
Nice features, excellent readability.
Size, ease of use, secure holster, loud rings
Attractive styling, many features, customizable ring tones
very small, light weight, clear send and receive, loud ringer
color scree, polymorphic ringtones, wide selection of games, small size, good call quality, web browser
sound, ring tones, voice activated dialing, light, solid, big display
Color, polyphonic ringtones, downloadable applications.
Color display, web-enabled, voice-dialing.
Sleek look, color display, external display window, flip design
Color screen, brew apps, nice features.
Small, light flip phone with color LCD, polyphonic ringtones
A very attractive phone, bright, beautiful color display, a fun phone
Size, weight, adjustable display, ease of holster use, 3G enabled.
Color screen, features(does nearly everything), durability.
Good sound quality.  Great display.  All around good phone.
Light weight, Great Sound, Dual LCD screen, 2 way text msgs.
Ease of use, user friendly, light weight.
Flashy design, lots of options. Excellent reception.
Stylish, Full featured, Intuitive, Customisable
Feature set, customizable menus, etc
color screen, weight, ease of use, reliability
Excellent phone for the price. Lots of features I've never had before.
Color Display, GSM, Games, Internet, Ringtone Composer, Gadgets and Gizmos Galore
You can play games. Not much else
Excellent screen, functionality, reception.
sound quality, ringer volume, color screen, durability
Ergonomics, design, size
Good phone book, and customization.
Size, shape, organizer, tech-support, Verizon service.
Excellent features, great screen, good menu setup
Size, Color, Flip-compact design
Large color screen; polyphonic ring tones; TETRIS!!
voice activated dialing, downloadable rings
Color screen, nice features, loud ring, GPS device, Get It Now
It does it all, throw away your PDA.
I like the color screen and overall appearance of the phone.
wide  enough  to  drive and  make  calls
Easy to use, nice display, great sound, excellent features
color screen, great reception, small and compact
Nice color screen, changeable faceplates, flip design, camera attachment
flip phone, color, fun games, nice selection of ring tones
The cell phone has reception most of the time.
compact and stylish, nice color screen, lots of bells and whistles,very easy to use
Numerous features, color screen, light
Size.  Portability.
Small, Colorful, Good Reception
nice color screen, good range of ring tones that are not annoying
Small Size, Color Screen, Light Weight, Great Features
Color screen, MOTO features
Great size and great display.
color screen, external display, calendar
very sleek size, color, tons of extras
cool looking, many ring styles, color screen
Fits head well. Flip Phone
Easy to use, features, downloads
Cool looking, great color, nice features
Color screen, High speed system, looks, ease of use, lots of features, durability
Color screen; caller id with ringtones; outside caller id; get-it-now; voice recognition
color and contrast is amazing, Light weight like all motorolas, simple to use
thinking hard...
color screen
Great features, ease of use, nice lighting,etc
3G, Color screen, Get It Now
plays video games, great flashlight
Fast voice recognition dialing
awesome accesories, lots of features
lightweight, color display, clarity, voice dialing
Color screen, very sleek looking, many ringtones
Nice size, great screen, high quality ring tones, lots of features.
color screen
*color Screen
Beautiful color screen, compact, voice activated calling
Small, light, caller ID, big buttons, color screen, polyphonic ring tones.
Functions,style
New Look, color screen, and internet ready
It is stylish and sleek and internally, it has a color screen!
Tons of options, ease of use, voice clarity and quality, cool screen, memory, storage capability
Small size, nice big screen, capacity to hold many numbers.
A beautiful, feature loaded phone that is fun to use and easy to handle.
color screen
Nice keypad. Great size.
Style,Weight,Features,Reception
large color screen, decent battery, looks nice, cheap
Color screen, small size, Get-It-Now.
Light, sleek design, color screen, status light, external caller ID
Nice display
compact,color screen, lots of ringtones, download ringer from phone
Looks great, plus it's not too costly!
Works nicely
Great reception and clear sound
Small easy to use.  The color screen is great also.
I learned to never buy another Motorola phone!
"Why don't u try out they phone hmmmm??"
Nice color screen.  Extendable antenna.  Thought actual calls sounded better than LGs.
Stylish, Compact
Great reception , high quality of sound, calendar, reliability, tough.
None
Looks; LCD; flip-phone; calendar; phonebook; voicedial
It folds in half
awesome display, loud ring tones
Small, light and slick
Very colorful and pretty.
Color screen, analog roaming
Lightweight, color screen, flip top screen, looks cool
Good reception
Solid, sturdy phone.  Clarity of in call sound.  Battery life.
This phone is fragile and tends toward software glitches and failures.
lots of features
Great features,easy to use,light weight,nice design,exterior caller id
Compact,nice color display, durable.
Reception is amazing. Stylish. Color screen.
Big screen
Color screen, Features, voice dialing, Polyphonic ring tones.
Nice screen, intuitive menu navigation.
Small size, nice display, ergonomic, nice display on outside of clamshell, large& easily accessably keypad
Color screen and graphics; flip phone; small and sleek; changeable outer body.
easy navigation  color display external display ,size
Small, easy to carry, GREAT screen
About the only advantage is it's small size.
Sleek, Cool options
Nice looking design.  Comfortable to hold.  Nice interface.
Open with one hand, big display, ringers
Good graphics, loud enough, game
AFFORDABLE, SLEEK
Nice flip cover, light weight,
QWERTY keyboard, easy access to SMS, email, WAP (internet), speaker phone is fantastic
Great sound quality, large, easy-to-read display, works on all networks, voice activation, web compatible
Great list of built-in games, easy to use configuration.
Lightweight, superb audio transmission and reception.  Holds plenty of data.
It supports GPRS, GSM, TDMA, and analog. It has voice dialing and built in vibration.
great coverage, big clear screen, durable
Great signal strength in rural areas, nice display, able to put pics on phone
Nice sizer, good battery life
Loads of features.
style, weight, appearance
Attractive, small, lightweight
Size, GSM, usage profiles
Great Games & Extras
Cute Design
good menu, nice display, attractive
Reliability,quality,reception,battery life and very user friendly.
price effective, voice dialing feature
Screen is easy to read.
Cool Shape, Works on almost all networks, bluetooth.
Price
Multi-band and multi-mode phone
It's cheap.
Very Durable, Text Messenging, Nice interface, Office tools, Reception.
Easy graphic interface, comes with a vibrating battery, loud voice volume
Tri-mode, SMS, 200 contact list
Free, clear, vibrate mode, lots of different rings
Easy to use
QWERT keyboard, fits like a pager, many options and voice control commnads
GPRS, 3min Voice Recorder, Lion Battery, T9
Good emergency phone
Good for... NOTHING!
Looks like a cool phone (though in fact it's not!)
Great sound...great usability...great battery
Compact
Cute little phone.  Easy to use.
good sound quality for local calls, many features
Small size, light weight, low price, pocketable
Small, light, no external antenna!, internet access

Small, Light weight, easy to navigate, clear voice, excellent reception
White light background.  Small, light,
design, size, weight, features, display
Small, light, sexy
Very bright backlight, very stylish
Looks cute, low weight.
Small size, lightweight
Cool design, lightweight, lots of features
Cheap(er), "cute", small size, low weight.
Small, Lightweight, Polyphonic Rings, Durable
Voice activated dialing.
Great sound quality, Long Battery Life, Compact design, light.
Small, Nice looking, Free
Easy Menu Setup, GPRS enabled, Easy to Customize
battery life, reception, size, gprs data, screen, usb connection
Small, sleek style, polyphonic ring tones
Blue bg color, nice compact size.
whitish blue backlight color, animated menus, clear sound, cheep price, pretty light, etc.
Inexpensive (free!), bright backlight, compact size
Small (if that's what you want), games, and looks good.
Good reception
Light weight, easy to handle, low cost
Ringtones; Pictures; Wallpaper; Screen Savers; Covers;
Small, fits in my pocket
Light, no external antenna
It's very stylish and the ring tones are cool.
Looks neat, Polyphonic Ring Tones
Small, features, price, ok reception
fashionable,cute,beautiful ring
light, portable
internal antenna, free with plan
Small, Polyphonic Speaker, Price is great, Caller ID Pictures, Screen Savers, Games are great.
cute
Nice features
decent reception
This is a great cell phone. Contains lots of good and new features.
It fits into the cell pocket on my backpack.
Good balance, feels good in the hand. Nice scrolling.
It's free.
Small, cute.
Small, cute, and has a lot of crap you wont use.
Features, looks, I really love the phone.
Small, pocketable.
Calendar, large phone book capacity (400), small size, rubber side grips, etc.
Small size, no antenna, good features
It's generally free!  Okay sound quality.
a few cool screen savers, that's all!
Free.  That's it.
It was free.
Cheap, cool ring tones
none
Decent Reception, Size
Intuitive menus and phone book, good battery life, cool timers.
Durable, easy to use, phone book
compact, easy access voicemail, long battery life
changeable covers, cool look, very durable, great sound quality
It looked nice, and Speakerphone should be on more phones.
Keypad layout, basic features
Relatively cheap
Reliable. Clear reception. Voice dial. Speakerphone. Looks good. Autocomplete for finding address book entries.
Good speaker volume.
Nice, easy-to-use features, including speaker phone and voice recognition.
Many features, nice design, easy to use, good sound quality
cheap
durability and reception
Many features without overkill, easy to use, quite reliable
inexpensive, aesthetically pleasing, has the features of more expensive phones
solid, 'non-flip,' loud speakerphone, loud ringer, simple design/menu system, excellent basic features
Great quality no-nonsense phone.
Small, ergonomic design. Loads of features. Great performance. Free!
Available at no cost through many plans.
Affordable - Easy to use &#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
Free, Seems to have lots of features, if you can get them to work.
Cellular Phone Use Only
Great value; excellent design, features, size; ease of use; performance
The display  screen,ringer tones,style,performance and price.
CHEAP!! And its a cell phone
Full featured, easy to use, good battery life, free!
Color screen, good battery life, polyphonic ring tones, camera included
Bright color screen, MMS, polyphonic tones, decent size & weight
Nice lines, color screen, camera attachment, cool ringers, infrared port
color screen, IR port, polygraphic ring tones, cheap pricetag
Light, inexpensieve, recurrent alarm feature, WAP
Best Value Color Phone, Real Song Ringer, Highly Customizable
Sleek, Small, Color, Light, Polyphonic Rings, Games
Small, Navigation is good, features are good for price
Color screen, you can assign photos to caller ID
It is inexpensive, compact, and in color!
Great features for price
Great features at low price.
Can be used worldwide, inexpensive camera phone
Email photos. Nicely organized contacts. Small.
Pretty displays, SIM Card, Polyphonic ringtones
mmmm...is that a trick question? I guess the SIM concept is OK.
Great protected screen, intuitive menus, great composer and games.
currently free (with activation) from T-mobile; includes camera attachment
Size, weight, portability, clarity, overall appearance
Standby/Talk time,256 color, interchangeable face plates,size, musical tone,camera,SIM card.
Wonderful design, great features, cool camera. AMAZING!
Color screen, camera option, recurring alarm
Cool Games, Decent Rigtones, Color Screen
Camera, color display, excellent ring tones.
Compact, lightweight, easy to use, charge life is good.
Color screen, polyphonic ringer, camera attachment
Light weight.
there are no pros, except that well its a well built phone survived every drop!!!
Good looks, Lightweight, Joystick, Color screen
small,works anywhere outside US, comes free with the plan
Small, colour screen, digital camera, infra-red port, games etc.
really light, covers all three GSM Modes eGSM 900/1800/1900,MMS,Blue Tooth Capable,polyphonic ring signals
Appearance, Features, Accessories
nice screen colors, cool games.
Good price for color phone. Take photo with camera attached .
durable, color screen, cheap, functional, good battery life, durable
Small, lightweight, easy to read color display, decent battery life, easy to operate
Infra-red, easy menus, batter-life, games
Price, color screen
Great display and fun features
Light, Color display, Polyphonic ringtones, thin, fast, good background lighting, and good for customizing.
There is always a network problem.
Has a camera
pretty screen with colors and looks attractive good battery life
i love the menu's in part but it is no match to Nokia or Siemens.
Small and easy to carry.
Nicely styled exterior, bright, colour screen, small size
You can download pictures from the internet. Plus the ringtones are ok.
The Perfect phone
Compact and Stylish
Sexy, stylish and small
Small size and compactness, ease of use, IRDA connectivity
cute, dual screen, good signal.
Twin screen, small & very stylish
It looks ....OK.
Looks nice, small enough to fit in a slim handbag, great graphics.
Looks great, stylish.
stylish
Twin screen, small
Flip phone, external caller ID, calendar, color screen, size, internet capability
Solid, nice display, good sound, doesn't feel flimsy.
Inexpensive with a plan, small form factor.
good display, sleek, light weight, good reception,
flip-phone, external caller ID, GSM America
External caller ID, flip phone, loud ringer!
looks good ( thats it !!)
Inexpensive, good reception, compact and light, nice looking, ringtones
Small, flip phone, 1-line screen on outside
Size.
Stylish, sturdy, light, good features.
Umm. It rings. Pathetic FM radio requiring headphones.
design
Styling, comfort, talk time (when you can stay connected)
nice design, comfortable, built-in radio, wireless internet
Relatively inexpensive, good battery life, lightweight, looks good, has a radio.
Great design, FM radio, "PhoneWrap" compatible, good signal strength, cheap price.
FM Radio built in, included headset and belt clip
cool shape, radio, different face plates, multiple ring tones
egronomic shape, inexpensive, loud ringer, several accessories included, fm tuner, minibrowser
Nice curvy design, wide selection of hard and rubber covers, durable
Relatively inexpensive, good battery life, lightweight, looks good, has a radio.
Cool look, lite, ring tones are loud!
It works!
Cool overall
lightweight, looks nice, changeable rubber and plastic faces...
Nice design, radio function
Inexpensive, looks good, simple to use
Solid built, Radio, SMS and more....
still searching...
Compact, tons of features, seems to alwasy find a signal
Audio clarity is alright; very light and compact.
Compact and easy to use.
Excellent reception,reliability,battery life,nice style.
EVERYTHING
elegant design, compact, excellect battery life, good reception
Easy to get connected, No credit needed
No monthly contracts
Cheap, good coverage, voicemail included
No contract, no monthly fees.  Rollover minutes.  Great starter deal.
No credit checks, No monthly bills, nice Nokia 5165 phone.
Good for people with credit problems
Cheap service
None
Tri-band, bluetooth, color screen, great battery life.
Color screen, outstanding battery life, lightweight, low profile
Great connectivity, easy to sync contacts, great signal strength (AT&T Carrier, GSM), great aesthetics!
small, batt. life., gizmos......
One integrated Device, distinctive layout.
Phone, MP3, FM radio in one&#13;&#10;QUERTY keyboard&#13;&#10;Can serve as 60MB USB drive
MP3, Radio, Accessories, QWERTY keyboard, no antenna
Plays music, qwerty keyboard, can use to transfer files, comes with case and headset.
A real "convergence device"&#13;&#10;Acts as portable hard disk
Easy SMSing and design.
Small size, powerful battery, voice active dialing
It fits in my pocket.
Sleek, compact, highly functional.  Good battery life, reception.  Sound acceptable most of the time.
Small, stores lots of numbers, wireless Internet capable.
Small, light, handsome, good reception and battery life.
Features,size,very loud ring
Voice Dial, Good Battery Life
Small. Stylish. Nice little extras
Small,lots of features
Small size, stylish, lots of features for the price
Compact size and weight, good reception, stylish looks.
Great reception
small, compact, good backlighting
Small, Cute, Good lighting, Interesting interface.
Small, Battery Life
Small, Stylish, Great Sound Quality
Attractive, Good reception, decent battery life
small
Stylish,compact,lightweight
It was free.
Small, nice looking, nice ring tones
Voice Dialing, Size, WAP Browser, Sim Card
Compact size, fits easily in the pocket and loud ring.
WAP browser, small, polyphonics
Great style & design for an older phone.
Minimal, Bluetooth, GPRS, WAP
Nice size easy to hold. Easy to read display
Easy to use, lightweight
Good looks, Very light.
Small, cute tv screen, I got money back after rebate, custom features
Looks cool, Color screen, Battery Life, Clam Shell Design, World Time
cute design, downloadable ringers and wallpaper
thin, light weight, color screen, speaker phone
Great color screen, and speaker phone.
Cool looking
Great screen, good features, sharp design. Tons of customizability.
Big color screen, size, flip phone, speaker feature, and color pad.
Color Screen, Internet, speaker phone
Sprint Service
sometimes makes calls
The clock is always right. When the display isn't showing "LOOKING FOR SERVICE"
World phone / Bluetooth / large phone book / data (WAP). Iconic Design!
Small, cute tv screen, I got money back after rebate, custom features
Looks cool, Color screen, Battery Life, Clam Shell Design, World Time
cute design, downloadable ringers and wallpaper
thin, light weight, color screen, speaker phone
Great color screen, and speaker phone.
Cool looking
Great screen, good features, sharp design. Tons of customizability.
Big color screen, size, flip phone, speaker feature, and color pad.
Color Screen, Internet, speaker phone
Sprint Service
sometimes makes calls
The clock is always right. When the display isn't showing "LOOKING FOR SERVICE"
World phone / Bluetooth / large phone book / data (WAP). Iconic Design!
Ease of Use, Lightweight
Long Battery Life; Durable; Easy to operate (no flip open to dial or talk)
stylish
Nice looking and long battery life
This phone is extremely easy to use and has great sound quality.
Battery life is outstanding
It started the technology to give us the 6340I, battery life
Great Technology, awesome idea, has everything in a phone that I want.
Electronics are very good.
Internal antenna, multi-network function
lightweight, great battery performance, great reception, looks nice
small and lightweight
All the options of an expensive cell phone may offer
Well organized  buttons  places,good signal good sound. big screen and easy to read
Very easy to use. Light weight. Keys are covered.
Beautiful design... rugged... choc-ful-of features...
Easy to Use, Good Calender and Alarm functions, Durable, Sleek, Overall Great Value
Small and free!
Inexpensive, sturdy
Cheap. Nice physical design and very solid construction.
Small, Attractive and Stylish
It's cute compact design. Ringtones are okay.
It was FREE, (only reason I got it)
Looks very good with its compact size and cute design
Small, free
Small and sleek
ITs Free
Small, Lightweight, Free
Small, Comes with A/C Adapter
durable, small, free
small, practical features like reminders, internet, extense memory, voice dialing, conference.
Free, looks cool, alot of features
Affordable
works, not for a long time
fits in your pocket,has a loud ringer and ear piece
You are able to talk to people!!!
Small, cute, internet access, i-tap
Lightweight, simple to use, cute looking, basic internet access
Small screen, short battery life
Good Software feature
Full feature/function packed phone
see op
none
good voice quality, easy to use, nice features
pretty display, nice colors, cheap
Lightweight, buttons easy for big fingers, clear and readable screen, many accessories/interchangeable parts available.
great sound, gets good signal (compared to other phones in the same geographic area), voicenotes
Phone book, small size
works well with an inexpensive Plantronics headset (M110)
Fancy looking phone, easy to use, very durable..even when dropped, good reception, lots of features
OK reception, nice ringtone quality, small and light
Large phonebook, alarm
Comfortable to wear, loud ringer, interchangable covers.
There are no pros worth putting up with this phone for.
Great reception, Durable, slim, customizable
Good looking phone, trimode
Nice looking, bells and whistles.
Phone has been dropped several times and it still works (in a leather case).
Color screen, ringtones
decent display, good ringtones, good price
Small size, digital and analog capable.
Joystick Control, Lightweight, Bright backlight
Cheap, ergonomic shape, menu easy to navigate, good selection of graphics and ringtones-very personalizable
Tons of functions, small, strong vibrate function
display, loud ringer, size, joystick, and easy menu search
None.
Cheap
Small, Durable, Inexpensive, Effective
Very stylish.  Attractive color screen and lots of features.  Very useful speaker function.
Good reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
A decent phone with some unique features!
Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
Large screen, clear reception and great functions
Beautiful screen.
Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
Battery life; voice clarity; volume
Neat camera and video.
Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
Easy to use feature loaded.
can pull in a signal where others can't.
camera phone & it was free,
Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
Great signal, durable, compact
Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
Good reception, bluetooth.
Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
Many features.
Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
Beautiful screen & clarity, incredible reception & battery life.
Large screen, clear reception
1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
See Review Above
Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
Good battery life
Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
Great clarity, tons of options, Internet/email capable.
Keyboard, IM, GPS, camera, perfect for texters!
Good mobile internet access, usable keyboard, bluetooth
Large interior screen, size, QWERTY keyboard
my favorite feature is the MP3 player.
Big screen, QWERTY keyboard, Multimedia capabilities
Features, keyboard, price,
Lots of features, hours of fun
EXCELLENT signal reception and clear calls.  Good build quality.  Convenient design. Full featured. Battery life.
Clean Design, Excellent Display(s), Functional Keyboard, Everyone thinks it neat.
Great keyboard, internal screen, signal, camera/video, internet capability. Excellent voice call. Good PDA.
Great for texting, if you're into that
Dual Number Pads, Speakerphone, mini keyboard
Wirless internet (3G), text messaging, and a camera.
QWERTY keyboard, Easy instant and text messaging, good speakers,and good camera
Besides being the best phone, it also is a great MP3 player, texting, etc.
Battery life, screen resolution, speakerphone
Everything
Nice looking with useful features
Small size, light weight, clear reception.
Compact, good screen resolution
Nice appearance
Excellent signal and reception, screen is sharp, polyphonic ringtones, easy-to-use voice dialing, great battery life.
Nothing really amazing here
Good battery life, good service, voice dialing, love the original faceplate and the color screen
All cellular phone companies claim that Motorola has the best reception.  Lots of frills
Nothing spectacular - just another phone
reception durability
Basic mobile phone features.  The phone was free from Sprint.
Three-way calling, vibrating mode, free calls after 7:00 p.m. and on weekends
Clear, great reception, cute ringtones, GPS capabilities.
Great sound quality, long battery life, inexpensive.
?
Bluetooth Wireless Capability; Sleek, Durable Design
Durable and capable. Camera, bluetooth, games. Upload or download your own sounds, images and videos.
when it charges I loved the phone and its options
to me, none.
Really slick design, terrific display, bluetooth, no disabled features
Looks cool, some useful functions, good battery life
Compact, camera (still&video), decent battery life
Slim, stylish, and just a great looking phone
Great reception, better camera, good looks, Bluetooth
Great design
Great design, easy to hold, great screen, great reception
Slick looking.  Easy video & camera features.
-Thin, light body- very stylish
Call quality, ability to get signal where my others phones couldn't
Great reception and wonderful display
Sleek (duh), compact (bigger duh), crisp sound, helpful features, Verizon network
It is also coming down in price and becoming very affordabl
Great design, amazing signal range, next generation voice recogintion, good camera and good sound quality
Light weight, thin profile, good battery life
Design, Carrier=Verizon, Camera, EDGE, Feels good to talk on
Sleek look and feel, large screen, great sound
Design, display, keypad illumination, USB charger, integrated antenna.
Sleek, Simple
Coolness Factor, size
Sexy hardware, nice screen, great form factor
bluetooth good looking easy use
Durable and easy to program.
Sleek,light and good looking. Bright keys. Large screen. Fairly good camera. Good vocal projection.
Stylish, thin, light, pics AND video, very durable
small, good looking, does many things 4X zoom Camera.
It looks cool?
Durability, interface, sound quality
nice appearance, clear speaker phone, stores more than 200 text messages at a time
great reception, great call quality, many cool features
Sleek, nice downloads, attractive looking.  That's it.
Sleek,nice screen.
Sleek & sexy aesthetics, large screen
sleek, sexy design, fits in most tight places, camera, bluetooth, mp3 capabilities
Good features, Great to play around with for the Video part and BlueTooth.
Display, battery, bluetooth, design, features
Slim, sleek, classy look
It's flat, small, but somewhat heavy
Thin, seems to be well built (heavy body), good sound quality.
Cute and light.
Weight, clarity of calls, design is fun.
If i had to pick one it would be the large screen...when it works.
-Size
very slim. nice design. big screen
Great reception. stylish, clarity of screen and pictures.
Many great features including: Bluetooth, Infrared, Camera, MP3.
Long standby and talk time. Bluetooth capable.
Price.  Durability.
Feature rich with superb battery life, but weaknesses overshadow strengths significantly.
Good looking phone, bluetooth, tons of features
Cute, cheap, good battery life
Customization.
Cute, slim, cool light-up feature, camera, flip-phone, bluetooth capable
Size, Reception, Bluetooth, ifrared, photo & video, voice recognition, organizer.
Cool features, great reception, fun to customize, good battery life
Nice multimedia/graphics & good sound.  Compact clamshell design.
Trouble free connection to PC with Infra-Red port for any transfer
Cool light effects, compact size, changeable covers, speaker phone
Looks nice, fun lights, changeable face plates
cute shape, bluetooth, the themes you can set, mp3 player, camera, clear speakerphone
light weight
Nice features
everything
mp3 player, bluetooth, reception
free,camera,media net,external screen,sound recording
cute looking
$19.99 phone and no monthly fees.
Simple basic phone, lightweight and thin, inexpensive
None
Phone is loud on the ears, no more walking outside a noisy environment to hear.
everything
Good reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
A decent phone with some unique features!
Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
Large screen, clear reception and great functions
Beautiful screen.
Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
Battery life; voice clarity; volume
Neat camera and video.
Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
Easy to use feature loaded.
can pull in a signal where others can't.
camera phone & it was free,
Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
Great signal, durable, compact
Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
Good reception, bluetooth.
Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
Many features.
Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
Beautiful screen & clarity, incredible reception & battery life.
Large screen, clear reception
1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
See Review Above
Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
Good battery life
Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
A solid camera phone with good sound quality!
Relatively tough phone, nice features for a basic or entry level user.
Compact phone with an excellent digital camera and MP3 Player.
MP3 player, 1.3 megapixel camera, many features
Thin design, MP3 player, 1.3 megapixel camera, Bluetooth, speakerphone, removable memory card
Great display, easy to use, sounds great
Megapixel camera. Video. MP3 player. Transflash card slot. Bluetooth. GPRS. Excellent screen.
Great form factor, great build quality, unique, and beautiful screen
Removable storage, PC connection, great video quality and well as sound
Slim, great features and great camera and display, flawless speakerphone and bluetooth.
Great screen, small formfactor (almost like RAZR), good menus, fast T9, AIM/Yahoo IM/ICQ, solidly built
Thin, but not fragile.  Stylish.
MP3 player, Expandable memory upto 1GB, Data connectivity with PC
The screen is big, a lot of memory
Great screen
Looks cool-
Great little flip phone, wonderful sound, strong speaker
Nice appearance, easy to use key pad and monitor
Good speaker phone capability, fairly long battery life
Sturdy, Shortcut key is nice
Easy to use, reception and battery life are great, and the speakerphone is decent.
Seemingly sturdier design with no loss of output or reception. Needs no separate cover.
Style and substance, compact size, loaded with features.
Superb design, great sound quality and reception.
Stylish, lots of features, can use as a modem for a notebook computer
Great phone, easy to use
A little narrower than a RAZR
very robust, quick response from keyboard
Sleek rubber skin, good reception, voice commands.
Ease of Use, Hip Styling, Features
Fun, functional and durable.  Doesn't feel like it'll break in your hand.
*Feel and look.
Motorola styling, choices of applications balanced well. battery life, weight and feel, overall sound quality(input/output)
Look, feel, reception, battery life, sound quality, and personalization.
It is Sexy and sleek and out runs the Razr by a mile!
The case and keyboard layout are beautiful.
Clear sound; modem phone; takes still and video pictures.
Bluetooth, mp3 player, transflash, camera, motorola name
Good Bluetooth functionality, memory is upgradeable, durable, lots of features
-MP3 Player
Good phone, good calls, good camera, good features, has bluetooth.  Inexpensive.
Packed with features, good call quality, easy to use.
Includes easy to use camera and mp3 audio player.  Decent voice/sound quality.  Decent reception.
camera, mp3 player, bluetooth, durable, expandable, large clear screen
High resolution internal lcd, many features, expandable memory card
TOO MUCH TO MENTION IN THIS LITTLE BOX...READ Descrip
Bluetooth is cool. Pictures, video fun for when you dont have a real camera.
Immediate confirmation, fast shipping, responsive to emails.
Good camera for phone, good clarity, menus easy to navigate, good music player
2 MEGAPixel camera, excellent night shots
2MP camera with flash, mp3 player, & 3d java games.
Removable memory stick easy to get to. Takes printable quality pics.
Sexy urban design, definite show off to friends..everything about it is great
user friendly with nice shortcuts.
Excellent display(s).
QVGA Screen 1.3mp Camera BT-SPK-Video MP3wNice Speakers Well Designed and Well Constructed
big bright screen, megapixel camera, camcorder, MP3 player, voice command
Better screen than the Razr. Better reception and audio quality as well.
Slim design, solid build, bluetooth headset has great sound.
Display Rocks, Has bluetooth built in, swivel camera
Big clear screen, quality photos, voice recognition, clear sound, adequate memory, compact & lightweight.
Slim design & strong vibrate feature
Size, looks
Works well for 9-12 weeks;
Very thin, looks good, works good, awesome features
TONS of featuresLightweight & smallGreat alternative to a "smart phone"
Large screen, easy text messaging, no dropped calls! Lots of features. Headphones preferred over speakers.
Nice Design and looks great
Slimness, durable construction
Bad battery life and freezes up.
sleek, small, light weight
good camera for a cell phone, thin design, display is amazing,
Sleek thin design.  Big BRIGHT display - perhaps the best feature of this phone.
Durable, easy to use, some good features
Rugged, but neat, good value for money
Bright inside display; Lots of features
Solidly built, easy to use, many convenient features.
small and sleek, great reception and clarity, withstands beating, reasonable price
Good basic phone, all the expected features, plus GPS ability
GPS, ease of use, cost, loud enough!
Good construction (physically). Decent features, reception.
Good form factor, display bright and clear,
Great clarity, good feel too phone
Uhhh... Wait... It will come.........It was rugged and strong...?
Nice graphic
Lights on the front
Better reception than the Audiovox cdm-8900,
Nice rubberized case.
great, works great, runs great, everything
Very Compact, Flip Design protects face& keys. Price is right.
While not perfect, this Nokia phone is quite nice
Design, excellent voice-quality, great FM stereo, presence of most basic features
The radio works wonders for me, The best feature I think is it's navigation system.
Durability and Portability, fits anywhere, goes anywhere.
Nice software, very fast.
Great performance, nice features, great headset, easy to use, takes decent pictures.
Long life battery, very reliable
Good features - camera, radio
Camera Phone, Flip Cell phone
Radio, messaging options...
small, good keys, can be dropped from at least three feet and not break
Nice slim design & cool looks, Above average reception, Loads of features
Inexpensive and reliable.
Reasonably priced, good reception, internal antenna
Light weight phone with a vivid color display and it's easy to use.
Small easy to navigate phone
Generally good reception, Internet works on most sites
Sound quality, design, reception, ease of use, attractive package.
Looks nice.
Small, light and generally user friendly.
Light weight and has all the features I need.
Compact flip phone, easy to navigate, good amount of features for price.
lightweight, simple
It is very compact and attractive. The price is great.
Has adequate features for the price
Light weight and eaSy to use.
Good reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
A decent phone with some unique features!
Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
Large screen, clear reception and great functions
Beautiful screen.
Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
Battery life; voice clarity; volume
Neat camera and video.
Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
Easy to use feature loaded.
can pull in a signal where others can't.
camera phone & it was free,
Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
Great signal, durable, compact
Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
Good reception, bluetooth.
Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
Many features.
Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
Beautiful screen & clarity, incredible reception & battery life.
Large screen, clear reception
1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
See Review Above
Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
Good battery life
Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
Better reception than a pre-pay, lightweight and good clarity.
It's the right size. It's simple. It's reasonably priced.
Good Cost. Basic Functional phone. Fulfills the need of a cell phone. Calendar function.
Good value for its price, easy-to-use, good pre-loaded ringtones, color screen.
Average battery life
excellent speaker phone, 1.3 megapixel digital camera, plays music files, long battery life, MicroSD slot
Good sound, including speakerphone, long battery life
good call and music quality, blue tooth technology, speakerphone
Excellent display resolution, great pictures, good new features..LG quality
MP3/WMA music in hi-fi, Video/Digital Image Capture,BlueTooth Capable,High Reliability,microSD slot, EVDO Broadband Enabled
Tough, Great Quality, Great Features, Awesome!
LQ quality, bluetooth, 1.3 megapixel camera, nice sound
Battery life, camera, clarity, memory slot
Long battery, sturdy, loud speakerphone, good quality, plays well with other devices
Battery life, utility, construction.
easy to use, easy to read display, lots of fun, also an mp3 player
Lots of features
good ergo design, Mobile Web 2.0, many A/V features, easy to use voice dialing
Does everything you need from a PHONE, and several other entertainment options as well
Long battery life, good size phone, great reception
small, lightweight, large backlit buttons, works in the areas where I need it to
Large buttons, good layout, excellent sound and speakers. Get to throw away my Motorola. Sturdy
Light, thin, small, good voice quality, good battery life, good camera & flash
Compact, loaded with features, displays are easy to customize
A very solid, reliable phone
stylish,durable,easy to customize,long battery life,lots of options and add ons
Sleek design, good sound, camera with flash
Excellent battery life; very good coverage; built-in MP3 player
Durability, size, speaker phone, color, clarity, Bluetooth, GPS.
Small and compact. Looks nice. Works decent without hands free.
Loud speaker phone, quick to charge, light weight
It's a phone, music player, camera and much more all in your pocket.
Great signal strength, great battery life
Battery life
Great reception, handy features, small and stylish.
Mobil Web
Great reception, sound quality and features!
Amazing screen, Great sound quality, Cool Form Factor.
looks cool, nice sound, and great LCD
Smooth slide, 2 Mega Pixel Cam with landscape mode , Bluetooth   and IR
Nice camera and dial pad.  Large display.  No ext. antenna.
The light-weight design, durability, camera quality, and slide function.
Great local performance.  Large screen size.  Great CELL PHONE camera.  Nice mp3 player.
good look great photos good reception
Nice black finish, looks cool, 2MP camera and flash
Resist all kind of beats. Never broken. A very useful phone
Relatively slim, compact, very neat sliding feature, quality build, vivid display, and much more!
Features: MP3 player, Camera, Radio, and lots more.
Lots of great features, audio and video options along with storage are great.
A bargain for lots of features. Cute, great design, cool-looking. And, it's a Sony.
Bluetooth, Mp3 Player, Nice Audio, Real Tones, Camera, FM Radio, Address Book
It swivels, good camera, charges quick, not bad on battery.
MP3 player, camera, good antenna, video camera, lots of memory space.
IPOD inspired design, MicroSD memory slot, Stereo Bluetooth headset capable, Reliable Verizon service
Great phone with solid features.  Plays actual mp3 files (not just wma).  Stylish.
light, great phone call quality, good camera quality, hi-res screen, memory expandable
Trendy, Great Sound, Customizable, Great Camera Quality
Great audio and video display!
A stylish full feature phone.
Sleek, smart-looking, very pleasing to the eye.
Looks are great on this phone. Great video camera.
Decent call quality, can play music, slim profile phone.
Great Reception, Great Design, Slide Phone, Large Memory, Large/Sharp LCD Screen, Features
Nice to look at, nice to hold. Cutting edge, cool factor. Nice large display.
MicroSD, MP3, Big screen
SIZE, COLOR, FINISH, VOICE QUALITY.
Sleek, conveniently combines several devices into one, compact
Durable, Small, MP3 player, Stylish
Great design, mp3 player, 1.3megapixel camera, innovative touch screen interface, good presentation, speakers, bluetooth, lightweight,
-When you get your cellphone, the presentation is nice. I even kept the box, it's nice looking. You get many  ...
Solid & sleek design, volume settings
Display, good camera, battery life
great sound quality, quality camera, customization
New, Trendy, Looks Like iPod
music player, low rf emissions, easy to lock/unlock keys
Sleek and full of great features.
Functions well
Very good looking and well built.  Has a diverse voice command system, with many commands.
Stylish, sleek, decent music quality
none, it seems like a cool gadget but its defective junk
Best Price offered , Long Life battrey  Charge
Great looks, call quality, voice recognition and command, features, MP3 player, and battery life.
Sleek, easy to use, MP3 capable, 1.3 megapixel camera, clear calls/sounds, long battery life.
sexy design, eye catching
Good call quality, decent pictures and a micro SD slot
Slim & attractive, loud ringer, nice large screen & keypad
It is small and looks sleek and trendy.
Solid battery life, easy to use, good sound quality, feels more substantial than Razr.
Light, attractive, good display, easy buttons, sound quality is good.
Slim, light, great screen!
Looks Great, works great at an affordable price.
Size, weight, feel, dependability.
Battery life, Bright Screen, Lightweight
Sounds and looks great!
Non functional and cheap
Great basic phone
A great phone with a camera and MP3 player!
Sleek, attractive phone. Very good performance.
Superb basic phone, loud volume, pocket sized design, excellent speaker quality
Absolutely gorgeous, decent audio quality
camera, reception, size, memory card
Solidly built phone- great clear reception
Looks sharp nice display lots of features
thin, looks nice
Size, Style, Light but sturdy feeling, Shiny!
easy to use, great screen-brightness, simple keypad, loud ringer,  very light and compact, flashy appearance
good looks, battery life, call quality, bluetooth.
style, interface
Looks good!!!
Looks good
form factor, weight, dimensions, large screen, great battery, good bluetooth
Light, sleek, Value for money.
Good reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
A decent phone with some unique features!
Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
Large screen, clear reception and great functions
Beautiful screen.
Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
Battery life; voice clarity; volume
Neat camera and video.
Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
Easy to use feature loaded.
can pull in a signal where others can't.
camera phone & it was free,
Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
Great signal, durable, compact
Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
Good reception, bluetooth.
Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
Many features.
Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
Beautiful screen & clarity, incredible reception & battery life.
Large screen, clear reception
1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
See Review Above
Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
Good battery life
Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
Features, and loads of them!
Brilliant Screen, Global connectivity, 3G (outside of US), Reception & Sound Clarity, Bluetooth 2.0, Camera
Screen, camera, keypad easy to use, nice form factor, good controls, excellent software
Versatile, Feature-Packed, Solid Double 3 MegaPixel camera.  MusicCenter (mp3player, fm-radio), Video recorder & player
Great sound, great reception, nice integration, compact, solid, OK Camera, incredibly sharp display
Good camera, great 320x240 display, MP3 player sound quality, popular phone platform=lots of games/apps,
Looks Good and large choice of option
Easy to use.  Excellent sound/volume on both earpiece and speakerphone.
Pretty pink, sexy looking, slim profile, bluetooth
compact, attractive, great reception, easy to use, good battery life
Small, lightweight and easy to use.
Just a great little all round  phone.
slim, cool, high tech, easy to use, pink!
Price, Slim Look, Battery
Slim and fits well in your hand
Slim, good looks, easy to use, totally worth the money, bluetooth
comes in different colors
decent battery life.
sleek design, large screen, vibrant colour

Quite small and light. Seems well made and certainly feature rich.
The latest Symbian OS 9.1 SP1 -- it's all you can dream of right now.
nice imaging capabilities
The 5MG camera is high quality
High quality camera. GPS. WIFI. Light, compact design. Easy to sync.
Great video recorder, very nice picture machine, easy menu, nice colours and design.
Great reception, excellent sound clarity, wonderful features.
Reception, video, Music Player, Camera, hi-res LCD's
3G internet, sleek design, swivel camera, MP3 player, text templates
Mp3 player, camera, thin phone
Attractive/sleek
Compact, HSDPA, EDGE, Quad Band, 1.3 Mp Camera/Camcorder, Stereo Bluetooth
Great sound, nice video playback, solid build, MP3 ringtones, solid keypad, rotating camera, bluetooth
Sound Quality, MP3 Player, style and size.
headphone jacks and 3G .
Great Battery life, Bright screen, Great color, Great Sound
Loud, clear speakerphone and earpiece, great camera, slim design
Great Music Player and displays, 3G, BatteryLife, SOLID PHONE!
Good reliability/reception, great audio/music, decent cameras/battery life, good txt/multimedia/internet capabilities
Design and color; MP3 player with external controls; 3G
Great features, nice interface, reliable
Tiny, great sound (ringing, talking, music), Nokia reliability, easy to use & customize, flight mode
The Nokia 5300 is a slide phone that automatically locks  by itself.
Tons of storage and VERY user friendly.  Lots of features!
Cool slider phone design. Wireless connectivity. Easy to use. Use MP3 for ringtones.
Very user-friendly, awesome speaker sound for calls and music, colorful, bluetooth, voice activated
- buttons
Good screen. Syncs with Rhapsody.
slider design, customizable, easy-to-use software, radio feature, external memory
Software, reception, features, display image quality
Great features, easy to use
Great sound quality
very snazzy, easy to use, many different functions, great music player
Amazing design, call clarity, music features, and battery life.
Strong music player, impressive multimedia features, good volume/speakerphones.
Great phone voice quality, Very good MP3 player, Excellent camera, Large memory capability.
Great music
LOADED with features; No moving parts
Great 4 GB IPOD, Good printable CAMERA, Good Video PLAYER, and a phone too
easy to use, good camera, works well
small, big screen. exellent sound quality, usb cable, CD, headset. graphics and coztumizations. battery durability.
Good range of features
Comfortable to hold, easy to use, very good camera for a phone, and full'a features.
Listed above.
Everything- tech, design, build, features, user friendly...
Sound quality is excellent, user interface is friendly, graphics are top notch, great camera!
Well it does work as advertised except for the lockups.
I would say the biggest benefit is a business look with a youthful appeal.
Durablility.
great battery life, easy to use
Small, good sound, My Faves, easy to use
Slim line, very easy to use and very attractive
Its small, sleek, and gorgeous!
not a brick,camera,easy to use,great coverage!easy to get skins and cases,price
Gorgeous!  Sounds great, looks even better.
Lightweight, Compact, Bluetooth, Internet, VCast, 1.3MP Camera, Removable Memory, MP3 Playback
light & thin, read txt on outer lcd, music player cababilities, touch sensative keys
size, styling, 2 color LCD screens, camera controls, voice sound quality +++
Good reception, nice width, excellent music and voice quality, decent battery life, 1.3MP camera
Very sleek look; quality build
Small profile, nice screen
thin, sexy, excellent service
Looks spectacular.  Can fit large storage card in it.  Can use own images for display.
Nice Size, finish and features...  Best looking phone out
Small slim size, aesthetic appeal
Sleek style
Good reception. MP3 and Bluetooth capable.
small slim size is good.  it takes decent pictures.
Size and finish are nice.  V Cast. ! Nice displays.  Good camera. VZ Navigator.
Good reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
A decent phone with some unique features!
Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
Large screen, clear reception and great functions
Beautiful screen.
Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
Battery life; voice clarity; volume
Neat camera and video.
Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
Easy to use feature loaded.
can pull in a signal where others can't.
camera phone & it was free,
Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
Great signal, durable, compact
Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
Good reception, bluetooth.
Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
Many features.
Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
Beautiful screen & clarity, incredible reception & battery life.
Large screen, clear reception
1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
See Review Above
Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
Good battery life
Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
long standby time, voice commands, compact, sleek looking, decent camera
Extremely thin and light, durable, great sound quality, good reception quality, amazing LCD.
Excellent display,
Skinny, non slip coating,vivid display.Nice tactile.
Attractive. Nice time display on the outside. Very thin. Nice screen.
A basic cell phone, inexpensive with very good reception and a large number memory.
Nice basic phone!
Price, reception and call quality, simple phone, candy bar.
A great choice for people who just want a phone.
simple to use, has most of the necessary features
Great camera. Great video and MP3. Solid phone.
Small, handsome, full function, exceeds basic needs, good value, travels well.
Tiny, very capable, good conversation piece, good reception/sound, no probs w/ the small keys
great graphics, lightweight, able to be personalized, small
Slim body, great collection of features
Voice quality and service, media player, slim form factor,
A stylish and affordable phone that is finally available on Sprint.
Thin and sleek, Cool color nice features
trendy, good call quality, speakerphone
Small, attractive, good quality on calls, speaker phone is OK. Internal software pretty good.
Thin, Light, Big Screen.
Cute phone; Thin and lightweight; FaveFive Compatible; Several Features: Camera, Video, Voice Phone Book.
RECEPTION!, styling, battery life, sound quality.
Quality sound, Easy to use, Nice features
It looks nice
voice dialing.
Sound quality.
Touch Pad Navigation, Larger Screen, Good Camera, Fun Music Player, Advanced Bluetooth, Fun Phone.
Sound Quality. Clear Picture. External Battery. Features.
Truly Pocketable. Affordable. Fast. Perfect with Bluetooth headsets. Tip Calculator & World Clock features!
Sound quality; Long battery life
QWERTY. Landscape. Fast. Built in Speakers. Feature Set.
Landscape mode with full qwerty keyboard.  Large screen. Very slim
Small size and good battery life.
Good reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
A decent phone with some unique features!
Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
Large screen, clear reception and great functions
Beautiful screen.
Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
Battery life; voice clarity; volume
Neat camera and video.
Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
Easy to use feature loaded.
can pull in a signal where others can't.
camera phone & it was free,
Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
Great signal, durable, compact
Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
Good reception, bluetooth.
Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
Many features.
Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
Beautiful screen & clarity, incredible reception & battery life.
Large screen, clear reception
1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
See Review Above
Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
Good battery life
Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
Small and lightweight, Sleek, Easy-to-use LG interface, 2.0-megapixel camera, Bluetooth
Sexy looking phone, sturdy construction, and exceptional performance.
Quality construction, Pocketable, Beautiful Styling
Nice look, good camera, feels like a phone, not a toy.
Good call quality, nice features
Solid feel; great style; large display; quality mic and speakers; the perfect phone with bling
Beautiful, sleek, elegant shape. Stays new looking a long time.
Light weight, VERY LOUD RINGER/SPEAKER, Small in size (good for pockets), plenty of storage space.
Solid serious phone for grownups.  Rugged and reliable.  Great battery life.
Great battery life, nice looking phone, plenty of features, awesome price.
Slim Type phone, Cheap and cool.
Wifi, seamless wifi to GSM transition. Can use instant messaging on wifi. Bluetooth, VGA camera.
Good reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
A decent phone with some unique features!
Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
Large screen, clear reception and great functions
Beautiful screen.
Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
Battery life; voice clarity; volume
Neat camera and video.
Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
Easy to use feature loaded.
can pull in a signal where others can't.
camera phone & it was free,
Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
Great signal, durable, compact
Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
Good reception, bluetooth.
Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
Many features.
Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
Beautiful screen & clarity, incredible reception & battery life.
Large screen, clear reception
1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
See Review Above
Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
Good battery life
Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone

